QNX EVALUATION, NON-COMMERCIAL & ACADEMIC END USER
LICENSE AGREEMENT

The software and related documentation that you are about to access
(the "Software", as further defined below) is offered by QNX Software
Systems Co. ("QSS"), having offices at 175 Terence Matthews
Crescent, Kanata, Ontario, Canada K2M 1W8 (ph: +1-613-591-0931,
fax: +1-613-591-3579), for your use in accordance with the terms and
conditions below.

By answering "I ACCEPT" during the download, installation or activation
of the Software, you represent that you have read, understood and
agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this QNX Evaluation,
Non-Commercial & Academic End User License Agreement (this
"License", or "NCEULA"). If you do not accept these terms and
conditions then you are not granted a license and are not authorized to
access, download, install or use the Software.


TERMS AND CONDITIONS

0.  BACKGROUND

QSS has developed and licenses a general purpose real-time operating
system known as the QNX (R) Neutrino (R) RTOS (the "QNX Neutrino
RTOS"). Its unique microkernel architecture provides an extensible
operating system framework based on the foundational components of
the Kernel and System Libraries. Additional operating system services
are implemented by plugging in other software modules (e.g.,
networking, file systems, graphics, etc.). These modules are licensed as
part of the base "QNX Neutrino Core" runtime component.

When modified or configured to operate on target hardware, the QNX
Neutrino Core components provide a microkernel operating system with
advanced memory protection, distributed processing, symmetric
multiprocessing, a dynamically upgradeable architecture, and industry-
leading real-time performance.

Other more specialized QNX middleware products (e.g., QNX Aviage
HMI Suite 2.0, QNX Aviage Multimedia Suite and QNX Aviage Acoustic
Processing Kit; collectively, "QNX Middleware") are available as
separately licensed products. For the purpose of this License, the QNX
Neutrino Core components, and any runtime components of the QNX
Middleware products that you have licensed, will be collectively referred
to as the "QNX Runtime Components" (as further defined below).

QSS also offers a related set of award winning software development
tools known as the QNX (R) Momentics (R) Tool Suite ("QNX
Momentics Tools"). Developers use the QNX Momentics Tools to modify
and configure QNX Runtime Components and to develop applications to
run on the QNX Neutrino RTOS. The QNX Momentics Tools include
compilers, debuggers, libraries, header files, utilities, sample code, test
suites, performance optimization tools, etc., within an integrated
development environment based on the open Eclipse IDE framework.

The QNX Middleware products may also come with supplementary
development tool components, which for the purpose of this License will
be considered part of the QNX Momentics Tools to the extent you have
licensed those products. Collectively, the QNX Runtime Components
and the QNX Momentics Tools are referred to as the "QNX Product
Portfolio" throughout this License.

More detailed QNX Product Portfolio information is available in the QNX
License Guide published at http://licensing.qnx.com/license-guide/
("License Guide", which is hereby incorporated into this License) a copy
of which has also been included in the file system installation of the
Software. The License Guide provides important version-specific
information about the nature and scope of license rights granted (or not
granted) to you hereunder. For that reason the License Guide should be
carefully reviewed. Please contact licensing@qnx.com if you have any
questions.

The QNX Momentics Tools and QNX Neutrino Core components
(collectively, the "Software Development Platform"  or "SDP") are initially
delivered together and are licensed for certain non-commercial
evaluation, development, or educational purposes under the terms and
conditions of this License and on a named-user basis. Certain QNX
Middleware products (if any) may also be made available to you at the QNX
developer portal hosted by QSS ("Foundry27") for use under this License.

QSS licenses the QNX Product Portfolio for commercial development
activities under its QNX Commercial Software License Agreement
("CSLA"). The CSLA allows licensees to develop commercial QNX
Runtime Component- or QNX Momentics Tool- based applications and
QNX Runtime Component derivative works, on their own or with
technical support or custom engineering assistance from QSS (see
http://licensing.qnx.com/services/). Commercial development licenses
for QNX Middleware products are also offered under the CSLA. These
commercial licenses allow licensees to charge fees for their QNX
Product Portfolio-based products or services, provided that they obtain a
distribution license for any royalty bearing QNX Runtime Components
that they want to offer in their original form or as part of their derivative
works (see http://licensing.qnx.com/oem-distribution/). If you are
interested in obtaining commercial development rights contact an
authorized QSS sales representative for more information (see
http://www.qnx.com/company/contact/).

Certain components of the QNX Product Portfolio are available from
QSS under the terms of the Apache License, Version 2.0 ("Apache
License"), the Eclipse Public License, or other open source licenses. All
of the open source components in the QNX Product Portfolio, and the
licenses to which they are subject, are identified in the License Guide
and the corresponding Third Party License Terms List available at
http://licensing.qnx.com/third-party-terms/ ("Third Party Terms List",
which is hereby incorporated into this License) a copy of which have
also been included in the Software installation media. You will also find
a separate file in the file system after installation of the Software that
provides a binary-file-specific mapping of applicable open source license
terms. This mapping file is still a work in progress and should not be
relied upon at this stage as it is incomplete. Updated versions will be
published as they become available. Contact licensing@qnx.com if you
have questions or require additional information.


1.  DEFINITIONS.

1.1	"Development Seat" means a named user's workstation (i.e.,
	their desktop, laptop and/or other computer) used by that
	developer to perform software development for Target Systems
	using the QNX Momentics Tools.  Named users are identified by
	their email addresses.

1.2	"License Key" is a specific key, provided to you by QSS for one
	of the License Classes listed in Section 4 (License Classes)
	below, which unlocks the QNX Product Portfolio or specific
	components of that Software on a Development Seat.

1.3	"Licensee" (or "you") means the individual who or entity that
	accepted and agreed to be bound by the terms and conditions
	of this License.

1.4	"QNX Runtime Components" means components of the
	Software that are intended to be integrated into and distributed
	as an integral part of a Target System, as described in the
	License Guide or the  Documentation.

1.5	"Software" means computer code (in whatever form), and its
	associated developer documentation, reference specifications -
	e.g. POSIX,  read-me files, installation notes, and release notes
	that are provided in or for the Software (separately referred to
	as "Documentation"), included in any component of the QNX
	Product Portfolio made available to you by QSS with a
	corresponding License Key, or otherwise expressly licensed to
	you by QSS pursuant to this License. It includes: (i)
	experimental, alpha, beta, demo, trial, unsupported or other
	components made available to you by QSS on an early access
	basis as described in Section 15.2 (Availability and Use of
	Experimental Software), at Foundry27, as part of the QNX
	Product Portfolio in components that are identified as
	experimental, alpha, beta, demo, trial or unsupported
	components in the License Guide, or otherwise so identified and
	made available by QSS for use under this License, and (ii) any
	QSS-specific Improvements, if any, as defined in Section 11
	(Feedback).

1.6	"Target System" means any hardware or software product for
	embedded devices into which QNX Runtime Components have
	been wholly or partially integrated that: (i) significantly enhances
	the function and value of the Software, and (ii) has substantially
	different principal purposes than those of the Software and of
	other components of the QNX Product Portfolio.


2.  LICENSE GRANT. Subject to the terms and conditions of this
License, QSS hereby grants to Licensee (you) a limited, royalty-free,
non-exclusive, personal, non-sublicensable and non-transferable license
for the specific activities and purposes authorized in Sections 3
(Authorized Development Activities) and 4 (License Classes) below:

2.1	under copyrights owned or sub-licensable by QSS, to copy the
	Software and to create derivative works of the Software made
	available to you by QSS in source code form ("Source Code"),
	and subject to the requirements of Section 4.2.2 to distribute
	such derivative works of the Source Code to third parties; and

2.2	under patent claims, owned or sub-licensable by QSS, and that
	are embodied in the Software as delivered by QSS, to make
	and use the Software and derivative works of the Source Code,
	and, subject to the requirements of Section 4.2.2, to distribute
	derivative works of the Source Code to third parties.

Certain features of the Software may require additional patent or
copyright rights not included in this License. For commercially released
versions of the Software such cases are noted in the License Guide,
and include features of the QNX Aviage Middleware Products and
features obtained from other software vendors or hardware vendors.
QSS only licenses to you the patent and copyright rights that it owns or
that it can sublicense under the terms of this License without payment of
additional royalties. It is Licensee's (your) responsibility to identify and
secure any other license rights necessary to make, use or import any
product or system that contains or uses any Software that QSS has
identified as requiring additional patent or copyright rights.


3.  AUTHORIZED DEVELOPMENT ACTIVITIES. The Software is
licensed only for the specific development activities below when used for
purposes listed under the applicable License Class in Section 4 (License
Classes):

3.1	installing the Software on and following normal backup and
	archiving practices for one (1) developer's Development Seat
	per License Key; and

3.2	using the Software on one (1) Development Seat per License
	Key (except in the case of QNX Aviage Middleware Products,
	which may be shared across all Development Seats licensed to
	you under this License) in order to create, compile, link, install
	and use QNX Runtime Components, derivative works of Source
	Code, and new or existing applications or modules; and

3.3	installing and using QNX Runtime Components, or software
	created pursuant to Section 3.2, on up to five (5) Target
	Systems per License Key in order to develop, test, maintain or
	demonstrate Target Systems. Additional QNX Runtime
	Component licenses for Target Systems may be obtained from
	QSS or its authorized distributor upon request and payment of
	applicable license fees.


4.  LICENSE CLASSES. You qualify for one of the following licenses by
completing a registration form at http://www.qnx.com/ and obtaining the
appropriate License Key from QSS, and by using the Software only for
the purposes specified below. QSS may require written confirmation of
your ongoing license qualifications within ten (10) days of notice to the
address provided for delivery of your License Key.

4.1	Evaluation License. You have an "Evaluation License" if you
	activate your Development Seat with an Evaluation License Key
	obtained from QSS after confirming your qualifications during
	registration. With an Evaluation License you may:

4.1.1	use the Software for the purpose of determining the
	suitability of QNX Runtime Components for use in
	Target Systems; and

4.1.2	use the Software for the purpose of conducting
	exploratory development or proof-of-concept
	prototyping of Target Systems.

	FOR GREATER CERTAINTY, AN
	EVALUATION LICENSE
	DOES NOT AUTHORIZE YOU TO
	USE THE SOFTWARE FOR
	INTERNALLY APPROVED COMMERCIAL
	TARGET SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT.

4.2	Non-Commercial Developer License. You have a "Non-
	Commercial Developer License" if you activate your
	Development Seat with a perpetual Non-Commercial Developer
	License Key obtained from QSS after confirming your
	qualifications during registration. With a Non-Commercial
	Developer License you may use the Software for the following
	purposes, but only to the extent and for so long as Licensee's
	(your) use continues to be for non-commercial purposes:

4.2.1	for personal activities or for experimentation or self-
	training purposes. This includes the activities
	described in Sections 4.1.1 and 4.1.2 above, as well
	as extending hardware or peripheral support for the
	QNX Neutrino RTOS, developing new applications for
	or porting existing applications to the QNX Neutrino
	RTOS or the QNX Momentics Tools, participating in
	projects at Foundry27, and demonstrating Target
	Systems to and sharing information with others,
	provided that you do not leave copies with third
	parties. IT DOES NOT INCLUDE
	ANY USE IN OR
	FOR ANY COMMERCIAL
	UNDERTAKING; and

4.2.2	to distribute your derivative works of QNX Runtime
	Components for the sole purpose of enabling other
	QNX Neutrino RTOS developers to adopt your
	modifications, provided that you license your
	derivative works free of charge under terms and
	conditions consistent with this License and exclusively
	for use by others in substitution for a corresponding
	number of QSS-licensed copies of the unmodified
	QNX Runtime Components. This includes but is not
	limited to disclosing or distributing your derivative
	works of any confidential Source Code only under
	confidentiality terms and conditions that are at least
	as protective of the underlying Source Code as the
	terms and conditions of this Agreement. FOR
	GREATER CERTAINTY, THIS
	LICENSE DOES NOT
	AUTHORIZE YOU TO DISTRIBUTE
	 ANY OF THE QNX PRODUCT
	PORTFOLIO, OR ANY QNX
	RUNTIME COMPONENTS THEREOF,
	 AS PART OF YOUR DERIVATIVE
	WORKS (EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT
	THAT QSS OR ITS CONTRIBUTORS
	HAVE EXPRESSLY LICENSED THAT
	PORTION OF THE SOFTWARE TO
	YOU UNDER AN OPEN SOURCE
	LICENSE) UNLESS YOUR LICENSEE
	ALREADY HAS ITS/THEIR OWN
	LICENSE FOR THE UNDERLYING
	SOFTWARE FROM QSS FOR EACH
	COPY TO BE SUBSTITUTED; and

4.2.3	to use the Software to work with other authorized and
	licensed QNX Product Portfolio developers to
	facilitate teamwork in not-for-profit academic
	development labs or in non-commercial group
	projects, including community projects at Foundry27.
	This includes use by students and faculty members in
	their research and course work, but does not include
	use to conduct research or development in or for a
	commercial undertaking; and

4.2.4	to use the Software to undertake other activities
	authorized by QSS in writing either through
	Foundry27, at http://licensing.qnx.com/nceula-faq/,
	or by email from licensing@qnx.com.

4.3	Academic Faculty License. You have an "Academic Faculty
	License" if you activate your Development Seat with a perpetual
	Academic Faculty License Key obtained from QSS after
	confirming your qualifications during registration. With an
	Academic Faculty License you may:

4.3.1	use the Software for the purpose of teaching
	classroom or laboratory courses at a not-for-profit
	accredited educational institution. You may perform
	the authorized activities in Section 3 (Authorized
	Development Activities) on multiple Development
	Seats to establish the classroom or lab environment
	using the institution's computers for shared use by
	students who have agreed to use your (Licensee's)
	License Keys and the shared Development Seats in
	accordance with the Non-Commercial Developer
	License terms of this License.


5.  AUTHENTICATION.

5.1	In order to install and/or activate the Software certain machine-
	specific information as well as the licensed developer's email
	address ("Licensed User Information") is sent to QSS at the time
	of activation and/or periodically thereafter. This Licensed User
	Information may include but is not limited to software
	identification numbers, MAC addresses, UUIDs, IP addresses,
	identification numbers set by manufacturers of your hardware
	and/or identification numbers related to your host operating
	system. Except for the licensed developer's email address, QSS
	does not collect any personally identifiable information during
	activation. QSS may collect Licensed User Information at any
	time and may use Licensed User Information for the purposes of
	verifying compliance with the terms and conditions of this
	License and with the terms and conditions of any other
	agreements between you and QSS relating to software provided
	by QSS, but QSS will otherwise treat such Licensed User
	Information as your Confidential Information pursuant to Section
	14 (Confidential Information).

5.2	QSS may require you from time to time, upon at least ten (10)
	days written notice, to provide a written report, that includes: (i)
	the email address of the current named user for each
	Development Seat; (ii) the physical and computer address(es)
	where the Software is or has been deployed; (iii) certification
	that the components of the QNX Product Portfolio you have
	licensed have been installed and used only on the authorized
	number of Development Seats and Target Systems, and have
	been used only for authorized purposes; and (iv) confirmation
	that Software copies have been destroyed in accordance with
	Section 18 (Termination) upon the expiration or termination of
	any of your license rights. You (or an authorized signatory if you
	are a legal entity) agree to sign the reports to confirm their
	completeness and accuracy. QSS may also require you (or an
	authorized signatory if you are a legal entity) to complete and
	return a compliance certificate on an annual basis.


6.  MARKING OF SOFTWARE AND DERIVATIVE WORKS. You must
document Software source code to identify and date any changes you
make to the Software to create your derivative works. You must include
in the source code, and in any notice in an executable version or related
documentation in which you describe the origin or ownership of your
code, a prominent statement that your derivative work is derived, directly
or indirectly, from software provided by QSS. You may not remove from
the Software source code any previous copyright, patent, trademark,
licensing, or other attribution notices placed there by QSS or other
contributors to that Software.


7.  PROHIBITED ACTIVITIES. You may not and will not authorize
others to:

7.1	Decompile, disassemble, decrypt, extract, unbundle, translate,
	or otherwise attempt or assist others to reverse engineer any
	part of the Software except as permitted by an open source
	license applying to a specific part of the Software, or except to
	the extent that QSS is expressly precluded by law from
	prohibiting these activities. Except for published source code
	files that are expressly identified by QSS as open source
	software, the Software IS NOT OPEN SOURCE; or

7.2	Alter, remove, or cover any trademark, logo, proprietary or
	licensing notices, labels, or marks in or on any part of the
	Software. You agree to exercise reasonable efforts to ensure
	that all whole or partial copies of the Software bear the same
	notices, labels, and marks contained in or on the original
	Software; or

7.3	Allow shared use of : (i) Software on Development Seats, or (ii)
	License Keys (except as expressly permitted in Section 4.3); or

7.4	Disclose or distribute License Keys to any others (except as
	expressly allowed in Section 4.3), use unauthorized License
	Keys, or circumvent the key activation mechanisms contained in
	the Software or at Foundry27. You agree to treat the License
	Keys as QSS Confidential Information pursuant to Section 14
	(Confidential Information); or

7.5	Directly or indirectly export, import or transmit the Software to
	any country in contravention of the laws of that country, or the
	laws of Canada or the United States. Without restricting the
	foregoing, you may not download or transfer the Software to: (i)
	any country prohibited by United States and/or Canadian laws
	and regulations; (ii) any person or entity prohibited from
	receiving United States and/or Canadian exports (including but
	not limited to those involved with missile technology or nuclear,
	chemical or biological weapons and those on US government
	restricted persons/entities lists -- see
	http://www.bis.doc.gov/complianceandenforcement/liststocheck.htm);
	or (iii) any country which requires an import or use permit
	for encryption technology. You (Licensee) represent and
	warrant to QSS that you are not in or a resident of one of the
	restricted countries, and that you are not one of the restricted
	individuals or entities referred to above. You understand that the
	import or export of the Software may be regulated by some
	governments due to the Software's encryption capabilities. You
	accept sole responsibility to ensure that your use of the
	Software complies with the law; or

7.6	Use the Software in any application in which death, personal
	injury, or severe physical or property damage is a foreseeable
	consequence of Software use or failure (collectively, "High-Risk
	Applications") including but not limited to the operation of
	nuclear facilities, mass transit systems, aircraft navigation, flight
	control or communications systems, air traffic control systems,
	weapon systems, and life-support machines. QSS EXPRESSLY
	DISCLAIMS ANY EXPRESS OR
	IMPLIED WARRANTY OR CONDITION
	OF FITNESS FOR HIGH-RISK APPLICATIONS; or

7.7	Use to pursue any formal qualification, certification, or
	designation for the Software, unless it is for a specific end user
	device or unless QSS has provided its express written consent.


8.  PRESERVATION OF RIGHTS.  You agree not to directly or indirectly
grant, or purport to grant, to any third party any rights or immunities
under QSS's or its licensors' intellectual property rights in the Software
that will subject such intellectual property to an open source license or
scheme in which there is or could be interpreted to be a requirement
that as a condition of use, modification and/or distribution, the Software
be: (i) disclosed or distributed in source code form; (ii) licensed for the
purpose of making derivative works; or (iii) redistributable at no charge.


9.  THIRD PARTY SOFTWARE. Components of the QNX Product
Portfolio contain elements of third-party software that are licensed to
QSS (and are therefore provided to you) for limited purposes under
terms and conditions that differ from those in this License. Such licenses
include but are not limited to:

	(i)   the Eclipse Public License ("EPL"), GNU Public License
	("GPL"), Lesser GNU Public License ("LGPL"), Mozilla
	Public License ("MPL"), and other open source licenses;
	(ii)  third party licenses that impose restrictions on use, copying,
	authorized purposes, etc. and/or supplemental obligations.
	Examples of affected products include but are not limited to:
	board support packages or individual device drivers that are
	limited to use with specific hardware manufacturers' products,
	and components of the QNX Aviage HMI Suite 2.0 and of the
	QNX Aviage Multimedia Suite; and/or
	(iii) third party licenses that impose restrictions that limit use of
	the Software to use solely for demonstration and internal
	evaluation/trial purposes.

Those third party license terms, and any notices required to be provided
by those third party licensors, are set out for: (1) commercially released
Software in the License Guide and the corresponding Third Party Terms
List, and (2) for other Software at the applicable download site, in or with
the agreement it was provided under, or in the corresponding source
code. You are solely responsible for ensuring that limited-use software
is not used outside of the limits stated. Updated License Guides and
Third Party Terms Lists may be issued for each new version of the
Software. You are solely responsible for reviewing and complying with
new versions if you adopt Software updates. You are also responsible
for reviewing the source code and corresponding documentation for any
third party derivative works of QNX Runtime Components that you elect
to adopt in substitution for unmodified QSS-licensed copies (see Section
4.2.2) for any supplementary terms and conditions that apply to the third
party's modifications to the underlying Software.  You acknowledge and
agree that QSS can disclose to third party licensors that you have
received a copy of their technology.


10.  OWNERSHIP AND RESERVATION OF RIGHTS. The Software is
protected by intellectual property laws including but not limited to
copyright laws, both locally and internationally. The Software is licensed
to you on the terms and conditions set forth in this License and is not
sold. QSS and its licensors retain all rights, title and interests in and to
the Software (including but not limited to any elements of the Software
embodied in the derivative works you create) and reserve all rights in
the Software not expressly licensed by this License including but not
limited to copyrights and patent rights. Subject to all underlying rights of
QSS and its licensors in the Software, and to the terms and conditions
of this License, all other rights, title and interests in and to any
derivative works of Software and other application software that you may
develop pursuant to this License will be retained by you. No trademarks or
service marks of QSS or its licensors are licensed by this License, and
you understand and agree that QSS trademarks or service mark may
not be applied to your goods or services without the express written
permission of QSS.


11.  FEEDBACK. QSS welcomes suggestions, comments or other
feedback about its products (e.g., regarding their utility, reliability, or
performance) and your user experience with the Software, as well as
any bug-fixes, features, functionality or enhancements you would like to
see in future versions (collectively "Feedback"). You agree that all
Feedback is and will be given entirely voluntarily and, even if designated
as confidential, will not create any confidentiality obligations for QSS.
You agree not to: (i) provide any Feedback that you know or have
reason to believe is subject to any third party intellectual property rights
or would disclose third party confidential information, or (ii) disclose to
QSS as Feedback any of your intellectual property rights or confidential
information you intend to keep or license to QSS. In the absence of a
separate written agreement between the parties, and in order for QSS to
incorporate Feedback that you provide, you (Licensee) hereby agree to:
(A) assign (and do hereby assign) to QSS all rights, title and interests (if
any) in and to any QSS-specific Improvements (as defined below)
included in or derived by or on behalf of QSS from your Feedback,
including but not limited to any associated intellectual property, and (B)
obtain (or confirm you have obtained) written waivers of all moral rights
(if any) in such QSS-specific Improvements in favor of QSS, its
licensees, licensors, successor and assigns. In this Section "QSS-
specific Improvements" means any work-arounds, bug-fixes, features,
functionality, enhancements or other suggested improvements to the
Software, or to other QNX Product Portfolio components, that you
provide.


12.  U.S. GOVERNMENT RIGHTS. If you are a U.S. government or
quasi-government entity, then you should be aware that the Software is
a "commercial item", as that term is defined in 48 C.F.R. 2.101 (Oct.
1995), consisting of "commercial computer software" and "commercial
computer software documentation", as such terms are used in 48 C.F.R.
12.1212 (Sept. 1995). Consistent with 48 C.F.R. 12.1212 and 48 C.F.R.
227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4 (June 1995), all such customers acquire
the Software with only those rights set forth herein. Use, duplication, or
disclosure by the U.S. government is subject to restrictions as provided
in DFARS 227.7202-1(a) and 227.7202-3(a) (1995), DFARS 252.227-
7013 (c)(1)(ii) (OCT 1988), FAR 12.212(a)(1995), FAR 52.227-19, or
FAR 52.227-14 (ALT III), as applicable. QNX Software Systems Co. is
the licensor.


13.  NO SUPPORT SERVICES. Support from QSS is only available
under separate agreement and is not included in this License. You are
encouraged to participate in and seek support from the QNX developer
community on Foundry27.


14.  CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION.

14.1	"Confidential Information" means any information disclosed by
	one party ("Discloser") to the other party ("Recipient"), for the
	purpose of performing obligations or exercising rights under this
	License (the "Purpose"), in a document or file clearly marked
	"Confidential" (or equivalent) or otherwise in any manner or form
	provided it is clearly identified at disclosure as confidential and,
	within thirty (30) days of disclosure, is summarized and
	delivered to Recipient in a document marked "Confidential" (or
	equivalent). Confidential Information does not include
	information: (i) available to the public other than by reason of
	Recipient's breach of this License; (ii) rightfully received by
	Recipient from a third party without disclosure or use
	restrictions; (iii) independently developed by or on behalf of
	Recipient without access to Discloser's Confidential Information;
	(iv) previously known to Recipient other than by reason of a
	prior confidential disclosure by or on behalf of Discloser; or (v)
	hereinafter disclosed by Discloser to a third party without
	disclosure restrictions.

14.2	CONFIDENTIAL SOFTWARE. QSS hereby declares, and you
	(Licensee) agree, that unless or until the Software has been
	disclosed in source code at a public page of the Foundry27 web
	site at http://community.qnx.com, or otherwise falls into one or
	more of the exceptions in Section 14.1 (i) - (iv), the Software
	source code will be deemed to be Confidential Information of
	QSS and may not be disclosed in source code to any third party
	except as expressly authorized herein.

14.3	USE AND DISCLOSURE RESTRICTIONS. Recipient will: (i)
	use Discloser's Confidential Information only as necessary to
	achieve the Purpose; and (ii) disclose Discloser's Confidential
	Information only to persons who have a need to know to
	achieve the Purpose, and who are employees of Recipient, or of
	Recipient's affiliates, or of Recipient's or Recipient's affiliates'
	consultants or professional advisors, provided that all such
	recipients are bound by law or are subject to agreements that
	provide obligations at least as protective of the Confidential
	Information as the provisions of this Section 14. In the event
	Recipient is required to disclose Confidential Information in
	connection with any legal, judicial or administrative proceedings
	or government investigation or otherwise required by law, then
	Recipient will promptly notify Discloser and allow a reasonable
	time for Discloser to seek a protective or other court or
	administrative order from the appropriate court or government
	agency. Thereafter, such information may be disclosed to the
	extent required by law and subject to any protective order or
	other court or administrative order which may then apply.

14.4	RECIPIENT'S DUTY OF CARE. Recipient will protect
	Discloser's Confidential Information by using the same degree
	of care as Recipient uses to protect its own confidential
	information of like nature, but no less than reasonable care, to
	prevent the unauthorized dissemination or publication and
	unauthorized use of the Confidential. Recipient will only make
	copies of the Confidential Information as necessary to achieve
	the Purpose. Recipient will reproduce Discloser's proprietary
	rights notices on all copies in the same manner in which such
	notices were set forth in or on the original. The mingling of
	Confidential Information with information that falls within one or
	more of the exceptions in this Section 14 will not impair the
	status of, or the obligations of confidence and non-use
	respecting, the confidential parts.

14.5	DURATION OF OBLIGATIONS. Each Recipient's duty to
	protect Confidential Information disclosed to it will survive
	termination of this License but will end (except in the case of
	Software source code for which Recipient's duty to protect is
	perpetual) on the third anniversary of the date of termination of
	this License. All Confidential Information furnished by Discloser
	to Recipient, and all copies thereof, which are in the possession
	or control of Recipient or anyone to whom it has disclosed such
	Confidential Information will be and remain the property of
	Discloser and will be promptly returned to Discloser or
	destroyed on termination of this License. Recipient may retain
	one copy of Discloser's Confidential Information in the
	confidential, restricted access files of its Legal department for
	use only to prove compliance with the terms and conditions of
	this License. This Section 14 will survive termination of this
	License.


15.  NO WARRANTY.

15.1	BACKGROUND. The QNX Runtime Components comprise
	parts of a general purpose modular real-time operating system.
	You will select a subset of these modules for use in a unique
	hardware and software environment to implement certain
	desired functionality and performance. Ultimately, you may find
	that you cannot achieve your desired results. While QSS is
	committed to providing a versatile and reliable product, it does
	not warrant that the Software will function in accordance with its
	documentation in every combination of hardware platform,
	software environment and software configuration. You
	acknowledge that errors are likely to be encountered when the
	Software is used in your particular application. You therefore
	accept responsibility for satisfying yourself that the Software is
	suitable for your intended use. This includes conducting
	rigorous testing of the Software, in combination with your
	derivative works and value-added software application(s), on
	your target hardware platform prior to its initial release and prior
	to the release of any related software or hardware modifications
	or enhancements. QSS offers support plans and custom
	engineering services, subject to separate agreements, to help
	developers identify and solve particular Software
	implementation and integration issues.

15.2	AVAILABILITY AND USE OF EXPERIMENTAL SOFTWARE.
	QSS makes both commercially released Software and
	experimental Software available to you at Foundry27 (although
	other delivery mechanisms may be used from time to time).
	Foundry27 is where QSS and other Foundry27 project leads
	post their experimental Software, and where the QNX developer
	community shares other useful code.

	For example, QSS-led projects on Foundry27 post
	experimental, alpha and beta milestone builds for components
	that will be included in upcoming commercial releases; whereas,
	Software updates that include the commercially released
	versions of the Project's components are made available only to
	commercial licensees from the myQNX.com download center.
	Experimental Software from QSS, including but not limited to
	unsupported BSPs, drivers and sample source code, as well as
	trial tool and runtime components, are usually made available
	on Foundry27. However, if third-party distribution restrictions
	prohibit such postings, then QSS may have to offer certain
	experimental Software as myQNX.com downloads. You
	acknowledge that you must always review associated release
	notes and download site warnings to confirm the release status
	of Foundry27 downloads.

	QSS offers you access to experimental milestone builds in order
	to give QNX developers the earliest possible access to the
	latest QNX Product Portfolio technology and bug-fixes. Other
	experimental Software is offered as a means of accelerating
	your development by leveraging source or binary code that has
	been written by others. Before using any experimental Software
	you should thoroughly test the stability of such code and/or
	assess the maturity of any milestone builds.

	EXPERIMENTAL SOFTWARE MAY
	HAVE KNOWN DEFICIENCIES, MAY
	NOT HAVE BEEN FULLY OPTIMIZED
	AND TESTED, MAY NOT BE
	SUPPORTED BY QSS AND MAY
	BE UNRELIABLE. EXPERIMENTAL
	SOFTWARE MADE AVAILABLE TO
	YOU BY STRICTLY ON AN "AS IS"
	BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR
	CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND. IN NO
	EVENT WILL QSS (OR ITS LICENSORS)
	BE LIABLE UNDER ANY CAUSE OF
	ACTION WHATSOEVER FOR DAMAGES
	RESULTING FROM THE USE OF OR
	INABILITY TO USE ANY EXPERIMENTAL
	SOFTWARE.

Starting with version 6.4 of the Software, QSS now provides the ability
(as described in Documentation) to confirm whether your binary files are
commercially released Software or experimental Software (which
includes any binary files that you compiled from QSS-supplied source
code). This information will help you assess the suitability of any code
you are considering for use in your project.

15.3 TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED
	BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE SOFTWARE
	LICENSED UNDER THIS QNX EVALUATION,
	NON-COMMERCIAL & ACADEMIC END USER
	LICENSE AGREEMENT IS PROVIDED "AS IS"
	AND WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR
	CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING
	BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY IMPLIED
	WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF
	MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
	PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND
	NON-INFRINGEMENT. QSS DOES NOT
	WARRANT AND NOTHING IN THIS
	LICENSE IMPLIES ANY WARRANTY
	THAT THE OPERATION OF SOFTWARE
	WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR
	ERROR FREE, OR THAT ANY ERRORS
	FOUND WILL BE CORRECTED.

15.4	This Section 15 will survive termination and will apply
	notwithstanding the failure of essential purpose of any limited
	remedy.


16.  LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY
APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL QSS,
OR ITS AFFILIATES, OR THEIR OFFICERS,
EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, SUPPLIERS,
DISTRIBUTORS, OR LICENSORS
(COLLECTIVELY "QSS AND ITS
REPRESENTATIVES") BE LIABLE TO
LICENSEE OR TO ANY THIRD PARTY
FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES WHATSOEVER INCLUDING
BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOST REVENUE,
LOST OR DAMAGED DATA, OR OTHER
COMMERCIAL OR ECONOMIC LOSS,
ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO ANY
USE OR INABILITY TO USE SOFTWARE,
EVEN IF QSS HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE OR CLAIM.

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY
APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL THE
AGGREGATE LIABILITY TO YOU OF QSS
AND ITS REPRESENTATIVES FOR ANY
DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING
TO THIS LICENSE, WHETHER IN CONTRACT,
TORT, OR OTHERWISE, EXCEED ONE
HUNDRED U.S. DOLLARS ($100.00). THIS
SECTION WILL SURVIVE TERMINATION
AND WILL APPLY NOTWITHSTANDING THE
FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY
LIMITED REMEDY.

YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT
THE DISCLAIMERS, EXCLUSIONS AND
LIMITATIONS SET FORTH IN THIS LICENSE
CONSTITUTE AN ESSENTIAL ELEMENT OF
THIS LICENSE IN THE ABSENCE OF WHICH:
(A) THE TERMS IN THIS AGREEMENT LICENSE
WOULD BE SUBSTANTIALLY DIFFERENT;
AND (B) QSS'S ABILITY TO OFFER AND
YOUR ABILITY TO OBTAIN THE SOFTWARE
UNDER THIS LICENSE WOULD BE IMPAIRED.


17.  MULTIMEDIA CONTENT. Certain QNX Runtime Components may
enable Target Systems to produce or reproduce (including but not
limited to by ripping), copy, perform and/or display multimedia content
(e.g., audio, images, video). The required intellectual property license
rights necessary to use or offer devices with such capabilities will vary,
depending on factors such as the intended use of the device, the types
of content involved, the markets in which the device is used or sold, etc.
You are solely responsible for determining all such requirements and
making all of the arrangements (e.g., obtaining licenses, paying
copyright collectives' fees, limiting the device functionality in some
markets, etc.) necessary to make, use, import, distribute and/or sell your
Target Systems, and/or to offer related services (to the extent permitted
by the terms and conditions of this License), in all of your direct or
indirect markets. Further, you agree to indemnify and hold QSS, its
affiliates, and their distributors or suppliers, (collectively, "QSS and its
Representatives") harmless from any damages, and any costs and
expenses (including but not limited to reasonable attorney's fees)
incurred, in any third-party action against any one or more of QSS and
its Representatives based on intellectual property infringement caused
by making, using, importing, distributing and/or selling your Target
Systems, and/or offering related services, in any of your direct or indirect
markets.


18.  TERMINATION. This License will terminate immediately upon your
failure to meet the qualifications for a License Key for one of the License
Classes listed in Section 4 (License Classes), your breach of any one of
the prohibitions in Section 7 (Prohibited Activities), or upon the
expiration of the License Key, whichever occurs first. QSS may
terminate this License upon thirty (30) days written notice to you of your
breach of a material term herein. You may terminate this License at any
time for any reason. QSS may immediately terminate your rights to the
Software, in whole or in part, if QSS reasonably believes the Software
infringes intellectual property rights or misappropriates trade secrets of a
third party and QSS has been unable to either procure for you the right
to continue using the Software for free, or replace or modify the
infringing Software with free non-infringing software of comparable
function. Upon termination, you will immediately destroy the original and
all whole or partial copies of the Software and License Keys used under
this License that are in your possession or control. The provisions of this
License that are expressed or by their sense and context are intended to
survive the termination of this License will survive, including but not
limited to Sections 1 (Definitions), 5 (Authentication), 7 (Prohibited
Activities), 8 (Preservation of Rights), 9 (Third Party Software), 10
(Ownership and Reservation of Rights), 11 (Feedback), 12 (US
Government Rights), 14 (Confidential Information), 15 (No Warranties) ,
16 (Limitation of Liability), 17 (Multimedia Content), 18 (Termination), 20
(Governing Law), 21 (Arbitration), 22 (Assignment), 24 (Whole
Agreement), and 26 (Interpretation). Termination is without prejudice to
any right or remedy that may have accrued, or be accruing to either
Party prior to termination.



19.  DEFENSIVE TERMINATION FOR PATENT INFRINGEMENT
ACTION. This License will terminate as of the date you institute patent
litigation (including but not limited to a cross-claim or counterclaim in a
lawsuit) in any jurisdiction against any entity alleging that the Software
infringes or contributes to the infringement of a patent.


20.  GOVERNING LAW. This License will be governed by and construed
in accordance with the laws in force in the Province of Ontario, Canada,
without regard to the conflicts of laws provisions thereof. The parties
hereby irrevocably waive (i) the provisions of the United Nations
Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods, and (ii) any
right to a trial by jury regarding the resolution of any dispute between the
parties hereto arising out of or in connection with this License.


21.  ARBITRATION. It is the intention of the parties to settle any dispute
relating to this License; however, if the parties cannot settle any such
dispute themselves, then such dispute will be arbitrated and finally
settled under the provisions of the Arbitration Act of Ontario and the
National Arbitration Rules of the ADR Institute of Canada, Inc. The place
of arbitration will be Ottawa, Ontario, Canada. The language of the
arbitration will be English. The decision of the arbitrator will be final and
binding on the parties. The prevailing party will be entitled to recover its
costs and expenses from the arbitration, including but not limited to
reasonable attorney's fees.  All information pertaining to any dispute that
relates to this License will be considered Confidential Information for the
purpose of Section 14 (Confidential Information).


22.  ASSIGNMENT. You may not assign this License, or assign any
rights or delegate any obligations under this License, without the prior
written consent of QSS.  An assignment will be deemed to include any
merger (if you are a corporate entity) with another party, whether or not
you are the surviving entity, the acquisition of more than 50% of any
class of your voting stock by another party, or the sale of more than 50%
of your assets. Any attempted assignment or delegation in violation of
the foregoing will be void and of no effect. This Agreement will inure to
the benefit of and be binding upon the parties and their respective
successors and permitted assigns.


23.  EXECUTION AND ACCEPTANCE. Nothing but this License (or any
other written agreement between you and QSS) authorizes you to
undertake any of the activities described in this License, and doing so in
contravention of these terms and conditions is breach of contract and/or
copyright or patent infringement. When you enter your License Key to
unlock the Software this License will be displayed for your review and
acceptance. Choosing "I ACCEPT" during that process constitutes your
execution and acceptance of this License.


24.  WHOLE AGREEMENT. This License, including but not limited to the
License Guide and Third Party Terms List, constitutes the entire
agreement between the parties pertaining to its subject matter and
supersedes any prior or contemporaneous agreement, representation,
statement, negotiation, undertaking dealing with the same subject
matter. The provisions of this License will prevail in the event of a
conflict between any of its provisions and the License Guide or Third
Party Terms List, or any inconsistent or additional terms or conditions of
either party's purchase orders or invoices. No amendment, modification
or waiver of any part of this License will be binding unless in a written
document that expressly refers to this License and that is signed by both
parties.  The divisions and headings in this License have been included
for convenience only and will not affect its construction or interpretation.


25.  INTERPRETATION.  The divisions and headings in this Agreement
have been included for convenience only and will not affect its
construction or interpretation. Any provision of this Agreement that is
prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction will, as to such
jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or
unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof or
affecting the validity or enforceability of such provision in any other
jurisdiction.


26.  DEVELOPER EXPERIENCE. QSS may contact you to ask about
your impressions of the Software, the QNX Product Portfolio, Foundry27
or the QNX developer community. In consideration for the free license
rights granted to you under this License you agree to provide your
feedback.


27.  LANGUAGE. This Agreement has been drafted in the English
language at the express request of the parties.  Les parties conviennent
que la présente convention et tous les documents s'y rattachant soient
rédigés en anglais.


(c) 2010 QNX Software Systems GmbH & Co. KG. All rights reserved.
QNX, Momentics, Neutrino, Aviage, Photon, Photon microGUI and
Foundry27 are trademarks of QNX Software Systems GmbH & Co. KG,
which are registered trademarks and/or used in certain jurisdictions, and
are used under license by QNX Software Systems Co.

Document Version: NCEULA_v006_Jun15-10


