QNX PARTNER & CONSULTANT SOFTWARE LICENSE
AGREEMENT

The software and related documentation that you are about to access
(the "Software", as further defined below) is offered by QNX Software
Systems Co. ("QSS"), having offices at 175 Terence Matthews
Crescent, Kanata, Ontario, Canada K2M 1W8 (ph: +1-613-591-0931,
fax: +1-613-591-3579), for your use in accordance with the terms and
conditions below.

By answering "I ACCEPT" during the download, installation or activation
of the Software, you represent that you have read, understand and
agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this QNX Partner &
Consultant Software License Agreement, including (as applicable)
Schedules A, B and C (collectively, this "License", or "PSLA"). If you do
not accept these terms and conditions then you are not granted a
license and are not authorized to access, download, install or use the
Software.


TERMS AND CONDITIONS


0.  BACKGROUND

QSS has developed and licenses a general purpose real-time operating
system known as the QNX (R) Neutrino (R) RTOS (the "QNX Neutrino
RTOS"). Its unique microkernel architecture provides an extensible
operating system framework based on the foundational components of
the Kernel and System Libraries. Additional operating system services
are implemented by plugging in other software modules (e.g.,
networking, file systems, graphics, etc.). These modules are licensed as
part of the base "QNX Neutrino Core" runtime component.

When modified or configured to operate on target hardware, the QNX
Neutrino Core components provide a microkernel operating system with
advanced memory protection, distributed processing, symmetric
multiprocessing, a dynamically upgradeable architecture, and
industry-leading real-time performance.

Other more specialized QNX middleware products (e.g., QNX Aviage
HMI Suite 2.0, QNX Aviage Multimedia Suite and QNX Aviage Acoustic
Processing Kit; collectively, "QNX Middleware") are available as
separately licensed products. For the purpose of this License, the QNX
Neutrino Core components, and any runtime components of the QNX
Middleware products that you have licensed, will be collectively referred
to as the "QNX Runtime Components" (as further defined below).

QSS also offers a related set of award winning software development
tools known as the QNX (R) Momentics (R) Development Tool Suite
("QNX Momentics Tools"). Developers use the QNX Momentics Tools to
modify and configure QNX Runtime Components and to develop
applications to run on the QNX Neutrino RTOS. The QNX Momentics
Tools include compilers, debuggers, libraries, header files, utilities,
sample code, test suites, performance optimization tools, etc., within an
integrated development environment based on the open Eclipse IDE
framework.

The QNX Middleware products may also come with supplementary
development tool components, which for the purpose of this License will
be considered part of the QNX Momentics Tools to the extent you have
licensed those products. Collectively, the QNX Runtime Components
and the QNX Momentics Tools are referred to as the "QNX Product
Portfolio" throughout this License.

More detailed QNX Product Portfolio information is available in the QNX
License Guide published at http://licensing.qnx.com/license-guide/
("License Guide", which is hereby incorporated into this License), a copy
of which can be found in the file system installation of the Software. The
License Guide provides important version-specific information about the
nature and scope of license rights granted (or not granted) to you
hereunder. For that reason the License Guide should be carefully
reviewed. Please contact licensing@qnx.com if you have any questions.

The QNX Momentics Tools and QNX Neutrino Core components
(collectively, the "Software Development Platform" or "SDP") are initially
delivered together and are licensed for development purposes under
this License on named-user basis. QNX Middleware products are
delivered separately and are licensed for development purposes under
this License (see Schedule B), on a project-wide basis. These and other
important details about your license rights in the Software are specified
in the "Development License Certificate(s)" that QSS sent you when you
obtained your Software license(s). Your License Certificate(s) is an
important document to define and authenticate your rights under this
License. Please contact licensing@qnx.com if you have lost or
misplaced it.

QNX Neutrino RTOS developers typically use their QNX Momentics
Tools and a subset of the QNX Runtime Components to build an
embedded computing system or device ("Target System") by:
(i) developing the necessary code to make the QNX Neutrino
	RTOS operational on a Target System (i.e., a board support
	package ("BSP") comprising initial program load ("IPL"), start-up
	and drivers - various parts of which may be available from QSS
	in binary form for supported processors and peripherals or,
	alternatively, which may be developed from scratch or derived
	from QSS-supplied sample source code); and
(ii) integrating QNX Runtime Component object code programs,
	libraries and utilities with files the developers have generated
	using their QNX Momentics Tools in order to define the
	system's operational constraints, to tailor its functionality and, if
	equipped with a graphical user interface, to create its
	appearance, in order to meet the Target System's design
	requirements.

Ultimately QNX Neutrino RTOS developers will choose a subset of QNX
Runtime Components ("Runtime Configuration") to include in their
Target System. Over the Target System's life cycle developers may
elect to upgrade hardware platforms (requiring a repetition of step (i)
above) and/or update software components (e.g., to adopt QNX
Runtime Component updates - see Schedule A, or to introduce new
QNX Runtime Components) in order to enhance the Target System's
reliability, performance and functionality. So it is possible that a Target
System's Runtime Configuration may change over time.

QSS licenses the QNX Product Portfolio to commercial developers
under its QNX Commercial Software License Agreement ("CSLA"). The
CSLA allows licensees to develop commercial QNX Runtime
Component- or QNX Momentics Tool- based applications and QNX
Runtime Component derivative works, on their own or with technical
support or custom engineering assistance from QSS (see
http://licensing.qnx.com/services/). Commercial development licenses
for QNX Middleware products are also offered under the CSLA. These
commercial licenses allow developers to charge fees for their QNX
Product Portfolio-based products or services, provided that they obtain a
distribution license for any royalty bearing QNX Runtime Components
that they want to offer in their original form or as part of their derivative
works (see http://licensing.qnx.com/oem-distribution/). If you are
interested in obtaining commercial development license rights contact
an authorized QSS sales representative for more information (see
http://www.qnx.com/company/contact/).

QSS also makes the QNX Product Portfolio available to members of the
QNX ecosystem under the terms and conditions of this QNX Partner &
Consultant Software License Agreement in order to provide easy access
to QNX technology with the aim of increasing generally available
technology for mutual customers and specifically:

(a)	to enable QNX Partners to obtain QNX Momentics Tools as
necessary to develop generally available products and/or services that
are complementary to QNX technology and intended for marketing to
mutual customers of QSS; or

(b)	to enable QNX Independent Consultants, to obtain one
Development Seat of the Software Development Platform to assist QNX
customers and QNX Partners in their endeavors to assist mutual
customers doing QNX Runtime Product development.

This is the "Spirit of this License". QSS is prepared to extend this QNX
Partner & Consultant Software License Agreement to you, thereby
providing many of the license rights normally only available to paying
customers under the CSLA, provided and so long as your activities fall
within the Spirit of this License and the authorized purposes, as
specified in this License below.

Certain components of the QNX Product Portfolio are available from
QSS under the terms and conditions of the Apache License, Version 2.0
("Apache License"), the Eclipse Public License, or other open source
licenses. All of the open source components in the QNX Product
Portfolio, and the licenses to which they are subject, are identified in the
License Guide and the corresponding Third Party License Terms List
available at http://licensing.qnx.com/third-party-terms/ ("Third Party
Terms List", which is hereby incorporated into this License) a copy of
which has also been included in the Software installation media.

QSS intends to license many board support packages (IPL, start-up,
drivers, etc. - "BSP") under the terms of the Apache License. Recipients
of this License are encouraged to use the Software to modify BSPs and
distribute them in any manner consistent with the terms of Apache
License.


1.  DEFINITIONS.

"Commercially Released Software" means Software in binary form that
	QSS has formally released together (or that QSS has verified as
	compatible, as specified in Documentation) and has identified in
	the License Guide as fully supported.  It includes patch Updates
	to such Software that are made available to you by QSS to
	address errors: (i) pursuant to Section 15.4 (Remedy for Breach
	of Limited Warranty of Performance) or during your subscription
	to maintenance and support services pursuant to Schedule A
	("Standard Support"), or (ii) pursuant to a Priority Support
	Agreement or equivalent custom support engagement with
	QSS.

"Development License Certificate" means the original copy of a QSS-issued
	document, provided to you by QSS or by one of its
	authorized distributors, that: (i) describes the QNX Product
	Portfolio components licensed to you for development purposes
	under this License, (ii) identifies the term of this License, and
	(iii) contains a specific License Key that unlocks those
	component(s) during installation on a Development Seat.
	Development License Certificates may also include additional
	terms and conditions, which are hereby incorporated into this
	License, that are specific to its QNX Product Portfolio
	components. Development License Certificates may be
	provided in electronic form and will be considered as part of the
	"Documentation" for the purpose of this License.

"Development Seat" means a named user's workstation (i.e., their
	desktop, laptop and/or one other computer) used by that
	developer to perform software development for Partner
	Products using the QNX Momentics Tools. Named users are
	identified by their email addresses.

"Experimental Software" means all Software other than Commercially
	Released Software, including but not limited to: (i) experimental,
	alpha, beta, demo, trial, unsupported, or other components
	made available to you on an early access basis as described in
	Section 15.2 (Availability and Use of Experimental Software), at
	the QNX developer portal hosted by QSS ("Foundry27"), as part
	of the QNX Product Portfolio in components that are identified
	as experimental, alpha, beta, demo, trial or unsupported
	components in the License Guide, or otherwise so identified and
	made available by QSS for use under this License; (ii)
	deliverables made available to you by QSS for use under this
	License pursuant to an Engineering Service Agreement or
	equivalent custom engineering engagement; (iii) derivative
	works that you create or obtain from the QNX developer
	community, whether from Foundry27 or otherwise; (iv) other
	software software you receive from third parties; or (v)
	combinations of Commercially Released Software with other
	software components (including but not limited to components
	from other versions or releases, or components intended for use
	on other hardware platforms).

"License Key" is a specific key, provided to you by QSS for one of the
	License Classes listed in Section 4 (License Classes), which
	unlocks the QNX Product Portfolio or specific components of
	that Software on a Development Seat.

"Licensee" (or "you") means the individual who or entity that accepted
	and agreed to be bound by the terms and conditions of this
	License.

"Partner Product" means a hardware or software product that: (i) is not
	an end user product or software development tool (unless it's a
	Momentics Tool plug in for QNX development); and (ii) runs on,
	interoperates with, or enables the QNX Runtime Components;
	and (iii) is to be generally available and actively marketed to
	mutual OEM customers to create embedded end user products;
	and (iv) requires significant further development to create an
	embedded end user device.

"Project" means a team of developers at one or more sites working
	cooperatively to develop a single product, or a set of product
	variants that: (i) use the same Runtime Configuration(s) and
	substantially the same application software stack, and (ii) deliver
	substantially the same end user feature set. A project for the
	development of a standard platform will initially be considered a
	single Project; however, each customer (internal or otherwise)
	that adopts the platform for further development will be
	considered a separate Project.

"QNX Runtime Components" means components of the Software that
	are intended to be integrated into and distributed as an integral
	part of a Partner Product, as described in the License Guide or
	the Documentation.

"Software" means computer code (in whatever form), and its associated
	developer documentation, reference specifications - e.g. POSIX,
	read-me files, installation notes, and release notes that are
	provided in or for the Software (separately referred to as
	"Documentation"), included in any component of the QNX
	Product Portfolio made available to you by QSS or an
	authorized QNX distributor, with a corresponding Development
	License Certificate and/or License Key, for use under this
	License. It includes: (i) Software updates and patches made
	available to you pursuant to Section 15.4 (Remedy for Breach of
	Limited Warranty of Performance) or during your subscription to
	Standard Support, (ii) patches made available to you by QSS for
	use under this License pursuant to a Priority Support Agreement
	or equivalent custom support engagement, (iii) experimental,
	alpha, beta, demo, trial, unsupported or other components
	made available to you by QSS on an early access basis as
	described in Section 15.2 (Availability and Use of Experimental
	Software), at Foundry27, as part of the QNX Product Portfolio in
	components that are identified as experimental, alpha, beta,
	demo, trial or unsupported components in the License Guide, or
	otherwise so identified and made available by QSS for use
	under this License, (iv) deliverables made available to you by
	QSS for use under this License pursuant to an Engineering
	Service Agreement or equivalent custom engineering
	engagement, and (v) QSS-specific Improvements, if any, as
	defined in Section 11 (Feedback).

"Update" means new versions of Software components that provide
	error corrections ("Patch Releases"), functional enhancements
	and/or performance improvements, and are included in
	QSS-issued update, maintenance, service pack or patch releases to
	Commercially Released Software. Updates do not include any:
	(i) major Software releases (e.g., QNX 4 to QNX 6); (ii)
	unlicensed QNX Product Portfolio components or technologies
	(e.g., use of Experimental Software versions will not entitle you
	to subsequently adopt corresponding Commercially Released
	Software versions if you have not paid any associated
	commercial development license fees (if any)); (iii) new software
	features that are only offered by QSS as extra-cost
	development or runtime distribution option (e.g., as extra-cost
	options to licensed Software, or as a separate royalty-bearing
	QNX Runtime Components); or (iv) features that were formerly
	offered by QSS in separate royalty-bearing QNX Runtime
	Components but that are now bundled into a single QNX
	Runtime Component that has a greater list price.


2.  LICENSE GRANT AND CONSIDERATION. Subject to your payment
when due of any applicable license fees (including but not limited to
renewal fees for any subscription-based licenses) specified on QSS's
invoice for the QNX Product Portfolio component development
license(s) you have acquired ("Invoice", which if applicable is hereby
incorporated into this License), and subject to the terms and conditions
of this License, QSS hereby grants to Licensee (you) a limited,
non-exclusive, personal, non-sublicensable and non-transferable license for
the specific activities and purposes authorized in Sections 3 (Authorized
Development Activities) and 4 (License Classes) below:

2.1	under copyrights owned or sub-licensable, to copy the Software
	and to create derivative works of the Software made available to
	you by QSS in source code form ("Source Code"), and, subject
	to the requirements of Section 4.1.5, to distribute such
	derivative works to third parties; and

2.2	under patent claims owned or sub-licensable by QSS, and that
	are embodied in the Software as delivered by QSS, to make
	and use the Software and derivative works of the Source Code,
	and, subject to the requirements of Section 4.1.5 to distribute
	derivative works of the Source Code to third parties.

Certain features of the Software may require additional patent or
copyright rights not included in this License; for Commercially Released
Software such features are noted in the License Guide and include
features of the QNX Middleware Products and features obtained from
other software vendors or hardware vendors. QSS only licenses you the
patent and copyright rights that it owns or that it can sublicense under
the terms and conditions of this License without payment of additional
royalties. It is Licensee's (your) responsibility to identify and secure any
other license rights necessary to make, use, import or sell any product
or system that contains or uses any Software that QSS has identified as
requiring additional patent or copyright rights.


3.  AUTHORIZED DEVELOPMENT ACTIVITIES. The Software is
licensed only for the specific development activities below when used for
purposes listed under the applicable License Class in Section 4 (License
Classes):


3.1	installing the Software on and following normal backup and
	archiving practices for one (1) Development Seat per License
	Key; and

3.2	using the Software on an authorized Development Seat in order
	to create, compile, link, install and use QNX Runtime
	Components, derivative works of Source Code, and new or
	existing QSS applications or modules as required to develop,
	evaluate, test and maintain Partner Products; and

3.3	installing and using QNX Runtime Components, or software
	created pursuant to Section 3.2, on up to five (5) Partner
	Products per License Key in order to develop, evaluate, test,
	maintain, demonstrate and promote Partner Products.
	Additional QNX Runtime Component licenses for evaluating,
	testing, demonstrating and promoting Partner Products may be
	obtained from QSS by purchasing the required Runtime License
	Certificate(s) pursuant to Schedule C.


4.  LICENSE CLASSES. You qualify for one of the following licenses by
completing a registration form at http://www.qnx.com/ and obtaining the
appropriate Development License Certificate and/or License Key from
QSS, and by using the Software only for the purposes as specified
below and within the Spirit of this License. QSS may require written
confirmation of your ongoing QNX Partner qualifications within ten (10)
days of sending notice to the address you provided for delivery of your
License Key.

4.1	PARTNER LICENSE. You have a "Partner License" if you
	activate your Development Seat with a Partner License Key
	obtained from QSS after confirming your qualifications during
	registration. With a Partner License you may:

4.1.1	use the Software for the purpose of porting or supporting
	your Partner Product software to run on, interoperate with
	or enable the QNX Runtime Components; and

4.1.2	use the Software for the purpose of porting or supporting
	the QNX Runtime Components to run on, interoperate
	with or enable your Partner Products; and

4.1.3	use the Software for the purpose of creating or optimizing
	board support packages and device drivers to allow the
	QNX Runtime Components to run on your hardware; and

4.1.4	demonstrate and promote to others the QNX Runtime
	Components, and derivative works of QNX Runtime
	Components created pursuant to 4.1.2, 4.1.3 and 4.1.6,
	with your Partner Products, provided that you do not
	leave copies with third parties.  Partner Products may
	be provided to third parties for demonstration, evaluation
	and promotional purposes pursuant to the provisions of
	Schedule C; and

4.1.5	distribute your derivative works of QNX Runtime
	Components created pursuant to 4.1.2 or 4.1.3 in any
	form to third parties at Foundry27 for the sole purpose of
	participating in projects at the myQNX Portal and
	enabling other Foundry27 members to adopt your
	modifications, provided that you license your derivative
	works free of charge, under terms and conditions
	consistent with this License and exclusively for use by
	others in substitution for a corresponding number of
	QSS-licensed copies of the unmodified QNX Runtime
	Components. This includes but is not limited to disclosing
	or distributing your derivative works of any confidential
	Source Code only under confidentiality terms and
	conditions that are at least as protective of the underlying
	Source Code as the terms and conditions of this License.
	FOR GREATER CERTAINTY,
	THIS LICENSE DOES NOT
	AUTHORIZE YOU TO DISTRIBUTE
	ANY PART OF THE QNX PRODUCT
	PORTFOLIO, OR ANY QNX
	RUNTIME COMPONENTS
	THEREOF, AS PART OF YOUR
	DERIVATIVE WORKS (EXCEPT TO
	THE EXTENT THAT QSS OR ITS
	CONTRIBUTORS HAVE EXPRESSLY
	LICENSED THAT PORTION OF THE
	SOFTWARE TO YOU UNDER AN
	OPEN SOURCE LICENSE) UNLESS
	YOUR LICENSEE ALREADY HAS ITS
	OWN LICENSE FOR THE UNDERLYING
	SOFTWARE FROM QSS FOR EACH
	COPY TO BE SUBSTITUTED. QNX Runtime
	Component licenses for the Software underlying your
	derivative works may be obtained from QSS or its
	authorized distributors, to test, demonstrate and promote
	Partner Products, pursuant to the terms and conditions of
	Schedule C by purchasing the required Runtime License
	Certificate(s); and

4.1.6	use the Software for other purposes specifically
	authorized by QSS in writing either through the myQNX
	Portal at http://licensing.qnx.com/psla-faq/ or by email
	from licensing@qnx.com.

Except for the purposes outlined in 4.1.5, with a Partner License
you may not:

4.1.7	use the Software for the purpose of creating derivative
	works of QNX Runtime Components with the intent to
	distribute for a fee your derivative works; or

4.1.8	use the Software for the purpose of creating software,
	modifying the QNX Runtime Components or providing
	services if you do not intend to make such software or
	services generally available to members of the QNX
	community (e.g. Partner, customer, etc.). FOR GREATER
	CERTAINTY, YOU MAY NOT BE
	FUNDED BY A THIRD PARTY TO
	USE THE SOFTWARE ONLY ON
	THEIR BEHALF; or

4.1.9	use the Software for the purposes set out in Sections
	4.1.1 or 4.1.2 if you are an entity or individual (i) primarily
	responsible for creating or marketing, or (ii) which owns
	or licenses more than 50% of the software in, a finished
	product which includes royalty bearing portions of the
	Software.

	If there is any conflict between the purposes authorized under
	Sections 4.1.1 to 4.1.5 and those purposes excluded under
	Sections 4.1.7 to 4.1.9, then it is not clear you are within the
	Spirit of this License. In such cases you are not licensed unless
	authorized by QSS pursuant to Section 4.1.6.

4.2	INDEPENDENT CONSULTANT LICENSE. You have an
	"Independent Consultant License" if you activate your
	Development Seat with an Independent Consultant License Key
	obtained from QSS after confirming your qualifications during
	registration. With an Independent Consultant License you may:

4.2.1	use the Software for the purpose of assisting any other
	member of the QNX community (Partner, customer, etc.)
	in creating their QNX Neutrino RTOS based product or
	service, provided that such other QNX community
	member is not being assisted by another party with an
	Independent Consultant License. It does not authorize
	you to use the Software to create, port, support, maintain,
	etc. products of your own that are intended to run on or
	with the QNX Neutrino RTOS.

	ONLY ENTITIES WITH FIVE (5) OR FEWER
	EMPLOYEES MAY HAVE AN INDEPENDENT
	CONSULTANT LICENSE AND ANY ENTITY
	MAY HAVE ONLY ONE INDEPENDENT
	CONSULTANT LICENSE.


5.  DEPLOYMENT OF PARTNER & CONSULTANT LICENSED
SOFTWARE AND AUDITS OF SOFTWARE USE.

5.1	You may deploy the Software to your developers (including to
	employees of your contractors), who have been assigned
	Development Seats (and License Keys) but only to the extent
	and for so long as they provide software development services
	on your behalf. You may also re-deploy that Software from one
	developer to another as developers and projects change within
	your organization. In either case you (Licensee) always remain
	responsible to QSS for the full performance of the terms and
	conditions of this License, including but not limited to the
	limitation on the number of copies installed and used per
	License Key pursuant to Section 3 (Authorized Development
	Activities). If a developer's Development Seat (and License Key)
	is re-deployed pursuant to this Section, then thereafter the
	re-deployed Development Seat (and License Key) or any other
	Development Seat (and License Key) you have licensed may
	not be re-deployed to such former licensed developer for a
	period of six (6) months.

5.2	In order to install and/or activate the Software certain
	machine-specific information as well as the licensed developer's email
	address ("Licensed User Information") is sent to QSS at the time
	of activation and/or periodically thereafter. This Licensed User
	Information may include but is not limited to software
	identification numbers, MAC addresses, UUIDs, IP addresses,
	identification numbers set by manufacturers of your hardware
	and/or identification numbers related to your host operating
	system. Except for the licensed developer's email address, QSS
	does not collect any personally identifiable information during
	activation. QSS may collect Licensed User Information at any
	time and may use Licensed User Information for the purposes of
	verifying compliance with the terms and conditions of this
	License enforcing any reporting or audit-related provisions in
	this License (including but not limited to those in Sections 5.3
	and 5.4), and verifying compliance with the terms and conditions
	of any other agreements between you and QSS relating to
	software provided by QSS, but QSS will otherwise treat such
	Licensed User Information as your Confidential Information
	pursuant to Section 14 (Confidential Information).

5.3	QSS may require you from time to time, upon at least thirty (30)
	days written notice, to provide a written report that includes: (i)
	the email address of the current named user for each
	Development Seat; (ii) the physical and computer address(es)
	where the Software is or has been deployed; (iii) a description of
	the Software, the version, projects and number of licensees for
	which updates have been applied; (iv) certification that the
	components of the QNX Product Portfolio you have licensed
	have been installed and used only on the authorized number of
	Development Seats and Partner Products, and used only for
	authorized projects and by licensed divisions within the Spirit of
	this License, (v) certification that Updates have only been used
	on Development Seats in accordance with Standard Support
	entitlements, and (vi) confirmation that Software copies have
	been destroyed in accordance with Section 18 (Term,
	Subscription Renewal & Termination) upon the expiration or
	termination of any of your license rights, or in accordance with
	Section 5.1 upon re-deployment of that Software. You (or an
	authorized signatory if you are a legal entity) agree to sign the
	reports to confirm their completeness and accuracy. QSS may
	also require you (or an authorized signatory if you are a legal
	entity) to complete and return a compliance certificate on an
	annual basis.

5.4	You will maintain for a period of six (6) years after the end of the
	year to which they relate, accurate records regarding all
	activities relating to this License. QSS reserves the right to audit
	your books and records (or have an independent third party
	audit), upon at least twenty (20) days prior written notice and at
	its expense, to determine your compliance with the terms and
	conditions of this License, including but not limited to the
	information called for in Section 5.3(i)-(iv), and in Section B-4
	and C-12 of the Schedules. The audit will be conducted under
	the confidentiality provisions of Section 14 (Confidential
	Information).

5.5	Audits will not occur and reports will not be requested more than
	once each year unless discrepancies are discovered or unless
	QSS presents reasonable evidence (including but not limited to
	evidence based on Licensed User Information or based on the
	response or a non-response to the requirements set forth under
	Section 5.3) that you are not complying with the terms and
	conditions of this License. If an audit or report reveals use of the
	Software by you outside the terms and conditions of this
	License, you agree to correct any payment errors immediately
	by an adjustment payment, which will include interest on the
	overdue amount at a rate equal to fifteen percent (15%) per
	annum compounded monthly or the highest rate permitted by
	law, whichever is lower, of the outstanding payment from the
	date due until the date paid.  You will also reimburse QSS for all
	reasonable costs and expenses related to such audit or report in
	addition to any other liabilities you may incur as a result of such
	non-compliance.


6.  MARKING OF SOFTWARE AND DERIVATIVE WORKS.   You must
document Software source code to identify and date any changes you
make to the Software to create your derivative works. You must include
in the source code, and in any notice in an executable version or related
documentation in which you describe the origin or ownership of your
software, a prominent statement that your work is derived, directly or
indirectly, from software provided by QSS. You may not remove from
the Software source code any previous copyright, patent, trademark,
licensing, or other attribution notices placed there by QSS or other
contributors to that Software.


7.  PROHIBITED ACTIVITIES. You may not and will not authorize
others to:

7.1	Decompile, disassemble, decrypt, extract, unbundle, translate,
	or otherwise attempt or assist others to reverse engineer any
	part of the Software except as permitted by an open source
	license applying to a specific part of the Software, or except to
	the extent that QSS is expressly precluded by law from
	prohibiting these activities. Except for published source code
	files that are expressly identified by QSS as open source
	software, the Software IS NOT OPEN SOURCE; or

7.2	Alter, remove, or cover any trademark, logo, proprietary or
	licensing notices, labels, or marks in or on any part of the
	Software. You agree to exercise reasonable efforts to ensure
	that all whole or partial copies of the Software bear the same
	notices, labels, and marks contained in or on the original
	Software; or

7.3	Allow shared use of: (i) Software on Development Seats, or (ii)
	License Keys (except as expressly allowed in Section 5.1), or
	(iii) Standard Support services or entitlements, including but not
	limited to sharing Updates with developers who are using
	Development Seats for which the required Standard Support
	fees have not been paid, or

7.4	Disclose or distribute Development License Certificates,
	Runtime License Certificates, or License Keys to any others
	(except as expressly allowed in Section 5.1), use unauthorized
	License Keys, or circumvent the key activation mechanisms
	contained in the Software or at Foundry27 or the myQNX Portal.
	You agree to treat License Keys as QSS Confidential
	Information pursuant to Section 14 (Confidential Information); or

7.4	Directly or indirectly export, import, or transmit the Software to
	any country in contravention of the laws of that country or the
	laws of Canada or the United States. Without restricting the
	foregoing, you may not download or transfer the Software to: (i)
	any country prohibited by United States and/or Canadian laws
	and regulations; (ii) any person or entity prohibited from
	receiving United States and/or Canadian exports (including but
	not limited to those involved with missile technology or nuclear,
	chemical or biological weapons and those on US government
	restricted persons/entities lists - see
	http://www.bis.doc.gov/complianceandenforcement/liststocheck.htm)); or
	(iii) any country which requires an import or use permit
	for encryption technology. You (Licensee) represent and
	warrant to QSS that you are not in or a resident of one of the
	restricted countries, and that you are not one of the restricted
	individuals or entities referred to above. You understand that the
	import or export of the Software may be regulated by some
	governments due to the Software's encryption capabilities. You
	accept sole responsibility to ensure that your use of the
	Software complies with the law; or

7.5	Use the Software in any application in which death, personal
	injury, or severe physical or property damage is a foreseeable
	consequence of Software use or failure (collectively, "High-Risk
	Applications") including but not limited to the operation of
	nuclear facilities, mass transit systems, aircraft navigation, flight
	control  or communications systems, air traffic control systems,
	weapon systems, and life-support machines. QSS EXPRESSLY
	DISCLAIMS ANY EXPRESS OR
	IMPLIED WARRANTY OR CONDITION
	OF FITNESS FOR HIGH-RISK
	APPLICATIONS; or

7.6	Use the Software to pursue any formal qualification,
	certification, or designation for the Software unless it is for a
	specific end user device or unless QSS has provided its express
	written consent.


8.  PRESERVATION OF RIGHTS. You agree not to directly or indirectly
grant, or purport to grant, to any third party any rights or immunities
under QSS's or its licensors' intellectual property rights in the Software
that will subject such intellectual property to an open source license or
scheme in which there is or could be interpreted to be a requirement
that as a condition of use, modification and/or distribution, the Software
be: (i) disclosed or distributed in source code form; (ii) licensed for the
purpose of making derivative works; or (iii) redistributable at no charge.


9.  THIRD PARTY SOFTWARE. Components of the QNX Product
Portfolio contain elements of third-party software that are licensed to
QSS (and are therefore provided to you) for limited purposes and under
terms and conditions that differ from those of this License. Such licenses
include but are not limited to:

(i)	the Eclipse Public License ("EPL"), GNU Public License
	("GPL"), Lesser GNU Public License ("LGPL"), Mozilla
	Public License ("MPL"), and other open source licenses;
(ii)	third party licenses that impose restrictions on use, copying,
	authorized purposes, etc. and/or supplemental obligations.
	Examples of affected products include but are not limited to
	board support packages, individual device drivers that are
	limited to use with specific hardware manufacturers'
	products, and components of the QNX Aviage HMI Suite 2.0
	and of the QNX Aviage Multimedia Suite; and/or
(iii)	third party licenses that impose restrictions that limit use of
	the Software to use solely for demonstration and internal
	evaluation/trial purposes.

Those third party license terms, and any notices required to be provided
by those third party licensors, are set out for: (1) Commercially Released
Software in the License Guide and the corresponding Third Party Terms
List, and (2) Experimental Software at the applicable download site, in or
with the agreement it was provided under, or  in the corresponding
source code. You are solely responsible for ensuring that limited-use
software is not used outside of the limits stated. Updated License
Guides and Third Party Terms List may be issued for each new version
of the Software. You are solely responsible for reviewing and complying
with new versions if you adopt Software updates. You are also
responsible for reviewing the source code and corresponding
documentation for any third party derivative works of QNX Runtime
Components that you elect to adopt in substitution for unmodified
QSS-licensed copies (see Section 4.1.5 for any supplementary terms and
conditions that apply to the third party's modifications to the underlying
Software).  You acknowledge and agree that QSS can disclose to its
third party licensors that you have received a copy of their technology.


10.  OWNERSHIP AND RESERVED RIGHTS. The Software is
protected by intellectual property laws including but not limited to
copyright laws, both locally and internationally. The Software is licensed
to you on the terms and conditions set forth in this License and is not
sold. QSS and its licensors retain all rights, title and interests in and to
the Software (including but not limited to any elements of the Software
embodied in derivative works you create) and reserve all rights in the
Software not expressly licensed by this License including but not limited
to copyrights and patent rights. Subject to all underlying rights of QSS
and its licensors in the Software and to the terms and conditions of this
License, all other rights, title and interests in and to any derivative works
of the Software and other application software that you may develop
pursuant to this License will be retained by you. No trademarks or
service marks of QSS or its licensors are licensed by this License, and
you understand and agree that QSS trademarks or service marks may
not be applied to your goods or services without the express written
permission of QSS.


11.  FEEDBACK. QSS welcomes suggestions, comments or other
feedback about its products (e.g., regarding their utility, reliability, or
performance) and your user experience with the Software, as well as
any bug-fixes, features, functionality or enhancements you would like to
see in future versions (collectively "Feedback"). You agree that all
Feedback is and will be given entirely voluntarily and, even if designated
as confidential, will not create any confidentiality obligations for QSS.
You agree not to (i) provide any Feedback that you know or have reason
to believe is subject to any third party intellectual property rights or
would disclose third party confidential information, or (ii) disclose to QSS
as Feedback any of your intellectual property rights or confidential
information you intend to keep or license to QSS. In the absence of a
separate written agreement between the parties, and in order for QSS to
incorporate Feedback that you provide, you (Licensee) hereby agree to:
(A) assign (and does hereby assign) to QSS all rights, title and interests
(if any) in and to any QSS-specific Improvements (as defined below)
included in or derived by or on behalf of QSS from your Feedback,
including but not limited to any associated intellectual property, and (B)
obtain (or confirm you have obtained) written waivers of all moral rights
(if any) in such QSS-specific Improvements in favor of QSS, its
licensees, licensors, successor and assigns. In this Section
"QSS-specific Improvements" means any work-arounds, bug-fixes, features,
functionality, enhancements or other suggested improvements to the
Software or to other QNX Product Portfolio components that you
provide.


12.  U.S. GOVERNMENT RIGHTS. If you are a U.S. government or
quasi-government entity, then you should be aware that the Software is
a "commercial item", as that term is defined in 48 C.F.R. 2.101 (Oct.
1995), consisting of "commercial computer software" and "commercial
computer software documentation", as such terms are used in 48 C.F.R.
12.1212 (Sept. 1995). Consistent with 48 C.F.R. 12.1212 and 48 C.F.R.
227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4 (June 1995), all such customers acquire
the Software with only those rights set forth herein. Use, duplication, or
disclosure by the U.S. government is subject to restrictions as provided
in DFARS 227.7202-1(a) and 227.7202-3(a) (1995), DFARS 252.227-7013
(c)(1)(ii) (OCT 1988), FAR 12.212(a)(1995), FAR 52.227-19, or
FAR 52.227-14 (ALT III), as applicable. QNX Software Systems Co. is
the licensor.


13.  SUPPORT. Support from QSS is available at extra cost under the
terms and conditions of Schedule A (Standard Support) or pursuant to a
separate Priority Support Agreement with QSS (see
http://licensing.qnx.com/services/). You are also encouraged to
participate in and seek support from the QNX developer community on
Foundry27.


14.  CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION.

14.1	"Confidential Information" means any information disclosed by
	one party ("Discloser") to the other party ("Recipient"), for the
	purpose of performing obligations or exercising rights under this
	License (the "Purpose"), in a document or file clearly marked
	"Confidential" (or equivalent) or otherwise in any manner or form
	provided it is clearly identified at disclosure as confidential and,
	within thirty (30) days of disclosure, is summarized and
	delivered to Recipient in a document marked "Confidential" (or
	equivalent). Confidential Information does not include
	information: (i) available to the public other than by reason of
	Recipient's breach of this License; (ii) rightfully received by
	Recipient from a third party without disclosure or use
	restrictions; (iii) independently developed by or on behalf of
	Recipient without access to Discloser's Confidential Information;
	(iv) previously known to Recipient other than by reason of a
	prior confidential disclosure by or on behalf of Discloser; or (v)
	hereinafter disclosed by Discloser to a third party without
	disclosure restrictions.

14.2	CONFIDENTIAL SOFTWARE. QSS hereby declares, and you
	(Licensee) agree, that unless or until the Software has been
	disclosed in source code at a public page of the Foundry27 web
	site at http://community.qnx.com, or otherwise falls within one or
	more of the exceptions in Sections 14.1 (i)-(vi), the Software
	source code will be deemed to be Confidential Information of
	QSS and may not be disclosed in source code to any third party
	except as expressly authorized herein.

14.3	USE AND DISCLOSURE RESTRICTIONS. Recipient will: (i)
	use Discloser's Confidential Information only as necessary to
	achieve the Purpose; and (ii) disclose Discloser's Confidential
	Information only to persons who have a need to know to
	achieve the Purpose, and who are employees of Recipient, or of
	Recipient's affiliates, or of Recipient's or Recipient's affiliates'
	consultants or professional advisors, provided that all such
	recipients are bound by law or are subject to agreements that
	provide obligations at least as protective of the Confidential
	Information as the provisions of this Section 14. In the event
	Recipient is required to disclose Confidential Information in
	connection with any legal, judicial or administrative proceedings
	or government investigation or otherwise required by law the
	Recipient will promptly Discloser and allow a reasonable time
	for Discloser to seek a protective or other court or administrative
	order from the appropriate court or government agency.
	Thereafter, such information may be disclosed to the extent
	required by law and subject to any protective order or other
	court or administrative order which may then apply.

14.4	RECIPIENT'S DUTY OF CARE. Recipient will protect
	Discloser's Confidential Information by using the same degree
	of care as Recipient uses to protect its own confidential
	information of like nature, but no less than reasonable care, to
	prevent the unauthorized dissemination or publication and
	unauthorized use of the Confidential Information. Recipient will
	only make copies of the Confidential Information as necessary
	to achieve the Purpose. Recipient will reproduce Discloser's
	proprietary rights notices on all copies in the same manner in
	which such notices were set forth in or on the original. The
	mingling of Confidential Information with information that falls
	within one or more of the exceptions in this Section 14 will not
	impair the status of, or the obligations of confidence and
	non-use respecting, the confidential parts.

14.5	DURATION OF OBLIGATIONS. Each Recipient's duty to
	protect Confidential Information disclosed to it will survive
	termination of this License but will end (except in the case of
	Software source code) on the third anniversary of the date of
	termination of this License. All Confidential Information
	furnished by Discloser to Recipient, and all copies thereof,
	which are in the possession or control of Recipient or anyone to
	whom it has disclosed such Confidential Information will be and
	remain the property of Discloser and will be promptly returned to
	Discloser or destroyed on termination of this License. Recipient
	may retain one copy of Discloser's Confidential Information in
	the confidential, restricted access files of its legal department for
	use only to prove compliance with the terms and conditions of
	this License. This Section 14 will survive termination of the
	License.


15.  LIMITED WARRANTIES.

15.1	BACKGROUND. The QNX Runtime Components comprise
	parts of a general purpose modular real-time operating system.
	You will select a subset of these modules for use in a unique
	hardware and software environment to implement certain
	desired functionality and performance. Ultimately, you may find
	that you cannot achieve your desired results. While QSS is
	committed to providing a versatile and reliable product, it does
	not warrant that the Software will function in accordance with its
	documentation in every combination of hardware platform,
	software environment and software configuration. You
	acknowledge that errors are likely to be encountered when the
	Software is used in your particular application. You therefore
	accept responsibility for satisfying yourself that the Software is
	suitable for your intended use. This includes conducting
	rigorous testing of the Software in combination with your
	derivative works and value-added software application(s) on
	your target hardware platform prior to its initial release and prior
	to the release of any related software or hardware modifications
	or enhancements. QSS offers Standard Support, custom
	support plans and custom engineering services (both subject to
	separate agreements) to help developers identify and solve
	particular Software implementation and integration issues.

15.2	AVAILABILITY AND USE OF EXPERIMENTAL CODE. QSS
	makes both Commercially Released Software and Experimental
	Software available to you primarily at the myQNX.com
	download center and/or at the Foundry27 web site (although
	other delivery mechanisms may be used from time to time). The
	myQNX.com download center is QSS's on-line source for
	Commercially Released Software updates. Foundry27 is where
	QSS and other Foundry27 project leads post their Experimental
	Software, and where the QNX developer community shares
	other useful code.

	For example, QSS-led projects post on Foundry27
	experimental, alpha and beta milestone builds for components
	that will be included in upcoming commercial releases; whereas,
	Software updates that include the commercially released
	versions of the Project's components are made available from
	the myQNX.com download center. Experimental Software from
	QSS, including but not limited to unsupported BSPs, drivers and
	sample source code, as well as trial tool and runtime
	components, are usually made available on Foundry27.
	However, if third-party distribution restrictions prohibit such
	postings, then QSS may have to offer certain Experimental
	Software as myQNX Portal downloads. You acknowledge that
	you must always review associated release notes and download
	site warnings to confirm the release status of Foundry27 and
	myQNX.com downloads.

	QSS offers you access to experimental milestone builds in order
	to give QNX developers the earliest possible access to the
	latest QNX Product Portfolio technology and bug-fixes. Other
	Experimental Software is offered as a means of accelerating
	your development by leveraging source or binary code that has
	been written by others. Many developers will migrate during
	their development cycle from QSS's Experimental Software
	releases to corresponding Commercial Released Software as it
	becomes available. Others may decide to ship Experimental
	Software, after thoroughly testing the stability of such code
	and/or assessing the maturity of any milestone builds.

	EXPERIMENTAL CODE MAY HAVE KNOWN DEFICIENCIES,
	MAY NOT HAVE BEEN FULLY OPTIMIZED AND TESTED,
	MAY NOT BE SUPPORTED BY QSS AND MAY BE
	UNRELIABLE. EXPERIMENTAL CODE IS MADE AVAILABLE
	TO YOU BY STRICTLY ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT
	WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND. IN NO
	EVENT WILL QSS (OR ITS LICENSORS) BE LIABLE UNDER
	ANY CAUSE OF ACTION WHATSOEVER FOR DAMAGES
	RESULTING FROM THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE ANY
	EXPERIMENTAL CODE.

	Starting with version 6.4 of the Software, QSS now provides the
	ability (as described in Documentation) to confirm whether your
	binary files are Commercially Released Software or
	Experimental Software (which includes any binary files that you
	compiled from QSS-supplied source code). This information will
	help you assess the suitability of any code you are considering
	for use in your project.

15.3	LIMITED WARRANTY OF PERFORMANCE OF
	COMMERCIALLY RELEASED SOFTWARE. QSS warrants to
	you for a period of ninety (90) days from the date of your
	acceptance of this License ("Commencement Date") that the
	Commercially Released Software will be Error Free. "Error Free"
	means that the Software, when used in accordance with the
	associated Documentation on one or more of the "Reference
	Platforms" identified in the License Guide, materially behaves
	the way the Documentation says it should. Software will be
	presumed to be Error Free unless the error or problem can be
	reproduced on a Reference Platform, and the error or problem
	can does not result from modifications to, or incorrect or
	improper use of, the Software.

15.4	REMEDY FOR BREACH OF LIMITED WARRANTY OF
	PERFORMANCE. Your sole remedy and QSS's sole obligation
	for any breach of the warranty of Section 15.3 (Limited Warranty
	of Performance for Commercially Released Software) will be, at
	QSS's option, either: (i) to provide you with a free explanation,
	workaround, patch or update that allows the Software to be
	Error Free; or (ii) to terminate this License pursuant to Section
	18 (Term, Subscription Renewal & Termination) and, upon
	confirmation that you have complied with your obligations under
	this License, to provide you with a refund of the fees (if any) that
	you paid to QSS pursuant to this License.

15.5	MEDIA WARRANTY AND REMEDY. QSS warrants to you for a
	period of ninety (90) days from the Commencement Date that
	any tangible media that QSS used to deliver the Software will be
	free from defects in material and workmanship under normal
	use. QSS is not responsible for media defects that result from
	accident or abuse. Your sole remedy for any breach of this
	media warranty will be to receive replacement media.

15.6	LIMITED WARRANTY OF PROVENANCE, INDEMNITY, AND
	EXCLUSIONS FROM INDEMNITY. Subject to the exceptions
	noted below, or in Section 9 (Third Party Software), or 17
	(Multimedia Content), QSS warrants to you that: (i) QSS is the
	author of the Commercially Released Software (or has a license
	from the author) and has the right to deliver the Commercially
	Released Software to you, and (ii) as delivered, the
	Commercially Released Software is not known to infringe any
	third party intellectual property rights.

	In support of the limited warranty of this Section 15.6, QSS
	offers to defend you against any third party copyright  or patent
	infringement or trade secret misappropriation claims, and to
	indemnify and hold you harmless from any damages finally
	awarded in a third party action against you for said claims,
	based upon your use or distribution of the Commercially
	Released Software under the terms and conditions of this
	License, provided that you give QSS prompt notice, as well as
	all authority, information, and assistance (at QSS's expense)
	necessary or desirable to defend such claims.

	Expressly excluded from this indemnity are assertions of:

	(A) copyright infringement or trade secret misappropriation
	based upon the use, reproduction, performance or distribution of
	components of (1) Experimental Software, or (2) Software
	identified as Type III in the License Guide, or otherwise by
	QSS in the course of making the Software available to you,
	for which QSS has no contractual basis to extend indemnity
	from its third party suppliers, or (3) Software that have been
	modified, and

	(B) patent infringement based upon the making, using, importing
	or selling of components of:  (1) Experimental Software, or (2)
	Software that have been modified, or (3) Software identified as
	Type II or Type III in the License Guide, for which QSS has no
	contractual basis to extend indemnity from its third party
	suppliers, (4) Software identified in the License Guide, or
	otherwise by QSS in the course of making the Software
	available to you, as potentially requiring additional patent rights
	not included in this License, or (5) Software in combination with
	other software or hardware, or (6) Software that infringe patents
	that are essential to satisfy any published and industry
	recognized standards/recommendations, including but not
	limited to standards/recommendations of ITU, IEEE, ETSI, ISO,
	MPEG, CSS, DVD, JPEG, DivX, Dolby, AVC/H.264, ATM
	Forum, Frame Relay Forum, SMPTE, ATSE, GSM, IETF, etc.

15.7	REMEDY AND LIMITATION OF DAMAGES FOR
	INDEMNIFIED CLAIMS. With respect to any finding of breach of
	the warranty in Section 15.6 (Limited Warranty of Provenance,
	Indemnity and Exclusions from Indemnity), or if QSS reasonably
	believes that one or more of the indemnified acts in Section 15.6
	have occurred or may occur, QSS will, at its sole expense and
	option: (i) procure for you the right to continue using the
	infringing Software; (ii) replace the infringing Software with
	non-infringing software of comparable function; (iii) modify the
	infringing Software to be non-infringing; or (iv) if none of the
	foregoing alternatives is reasonably available to QSS, terminate
	your right to the Software, but only to the extent necessary to
	avoid or mitigate damages. You will have the right to terminate
	all of your rights if you determine such partial termination
	renders your remaining rights ineffective. Upon such full or
	partial termination, QSS will refund to you, pro-rata to the extent
	of such termination, the fees paid by you pursuant to this
	License, if any, that are associated with the terminated rights.
	THIS SECTION 15.7 STATES YOUR
	EXCLUSIVE REMEDIES FOR
	INFRINGEMENT AND MISAPPROPRIATION
	BY THE SOFTWARE.

15.8	NO OTHER WARRANTIES.

	EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED
	IN THIS SECTION 15, TO THE MAXIMUM
	EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE
	LAW, THE SOFTWARE LICENSED
	AND ANY SERVICES PROVIDED
	UNDER THIS QNX PARTNER &
	CONSULTANT SOFTWARE LICENSE
	AGREEMENT ARE PROVIDED "AS IS"
	AND WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR
	CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING
	BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY IMPLIED
	WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF
	MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
	PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND
	NON-INFRINGEMENT. SUBJECT TO
	THE LIMITED WARRANTY IN SECTION
	15.3, QSS DOES NOT WARRANT AND
	NOTHING IN THIS LICENSE IMPLIES
	ANY WARRANTY THAT THE OPERATION
	OF THE SOFTWARE OR ACCESS TO THE
	SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED
	OR ERROR FREE, OR THAT ANY ERRORS
	FOUND WILL BE CORRECTED.

15.9	Survival. This Section 15 will survive termination and will apply
	notwithstanding the failure of essential purpose of any limited
	remedy.


16.  LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY
APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL QSS,
OR ITS AFFILIATES, OR THEIR OFFICERS,
EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, SUPPLIERS,
DISTRIBUTORS, OR LICENSORS (COLLECTIVELY
"QSS AND ITS REPRESENTATIVES") BE LIABLE
TO LICENSEE OR TO ANY THIRD PARTY FOR
ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE
OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOST
REVENUE, LOST OR DAMAGED DATA, OR
OTHER COMMERCIAL OR ECONOMIC LOSS,
ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO ANY USE
OR INABILITY TO USE THE SOFTWARE OR
SERVICES, EVEN IF QSS HAS BEEN ADVISED
OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE OR
CLAIM.

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY
APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL THE
AGGREGATE LIABILITY TO YOU OF QSS AND
ITS REPRESENTATIVES FOR ANY DAMAGES
ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS
LICENSE, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT,
OR OTHERWISE, EXCEED ONE THOUSAND
(1,000) US DOLLARS. THIS SECTION 16 WILL
SURVIVE TERMINATION AND WILL APPLY
NOTWITHSTANDING THE FAILURE OF
ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY LIMITED
REMEDY.

YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT THE
DISCLAIMERS, EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS
SET FORTH IN THIS LICENSE CONSTITUTE
AN ESSENTIAL ELEMENT OF THIS LICENSE IN
THE ABSENCE OF WHICH: (A) THE FEES AND
OTHER TERMS IN THIS LICENSE WOULD BE
SUBSTANTIALLY DIFFERENT; AND (B) QSS'S
ABILITY TO OFFER AND YOUR ABILITY TO
PURCHASE YOUR SOFTWARE AND SERVICES
OR ANY PORTION THEREOF UNDER THIS
LICENSE WOULD BE IMPAIRED.


17.   MULTIMEDIA CONTENT.  Certain QNX Runtime Components
may enable Partner Products to produce or reproduce (including but not
limited to by ripping), copy, perform and/or display multimedia content
(e.g., audio, images, video). The required intellectual property license
rights necessary to use or offer devices with such capabilities will vary,
depending on factors such as the intended use of the device, the types
of content involved, the markets in which the device is used or sold, etc.
You are solely responsible for determining all such requirements and
making all of the arrangements (e.g., obtaining licenses, paying
copyright collectives' fees, limiting the device functionality in some
markets, etc.) necessary to make, use, import, distribute and/or sell your
Partner Products, and/or to offer related services (to the extent
permitted by the terms and conditions of this License), in all of your
direct or indirect markets. The provisions of Section 15.6 (Limited
Warranty of Provenance, Indemnity, and Exclusions from Indemnity) do
not extend to infringement caused by producing, reproducing, copying,
performing or displaying any multimedia content. Further, you agree to
indemnify and hold QSS and its Representatives harmless from any
damages, and any costs and expenses (including but not limited to
reasonable attorney's fees) incurred, in any third-party action against
any one or more of QSS and its Representatives based on intellectual
property infringement caused by making, using, importing, distributing
and/or selling your Partner Products, and/or offering related services, in
any of your direct or indirect markets ("Claims"), other than Claims
based solely on infringement claims for which QSS remains responsible
under Section 15.6.


18.  TERM, SUBSCRIPTION RENEWAL & TERMINATION.

18.1	TERM, SUBSCRIPTION RENEWAL. The term of this License
	for paid-up Software licenses will continue until terminated. The
	term of this License for Software subscription licenses and
	Standard Support subscriptions will end when the subscription
	term ends. You can renew Software and Standard Support
	subscriptions by issuing purchase orders to QSS for the renewal
	at least thirty (30) days prior to the expiry date.

18.2	TERMINATION.  This License will terminate immediately upon
	your failure to meet the qualifications for a License Key for one
	of the License Classes listed in Section 4 (License Classes), or
	your breach of any one of the prohibitions in Section 7
	(Prohibited Activities), whichever occurs first. This License will
	terminate immediately for any subscription-based licenses or
	services upon the expiration of your License Key or your failure
	to pay any optional renewal fees when due.  QSS may
	terminate this License upon thirty (30) days written notice
	(including by email to the address you provided for delivery of
	your License Key) to you: (i) of your breach of a material term
	herein; or (ii) that you are violating the Spirit of this License, as
	determined by QSS in its discretion (during the thirty (30) day
	notice period you are free, indeed encouraged, to contact QSS
	to provide further information that may allow QSS to not
	terminate your license or to find another way to enable your
	activities); or (iii) if QSS decides to generally terminate this QNX
	Partner & Consultant Software License of all or substantially all
	of its Partners; or  (iv) if within six (6) months of acceptance of
	this License as a Partner you have not joined the QNX Partner
	Network; or (v) if you do not, or no longer, qualify as a member
	of the QNX Partner Network; or (vi) if within eighteen (18)
	months of your acceptance of this License as a Partner you do
	not offer and thereafter continue to offer a Partner Product. You
	may terminate this License at any time for any reason.
	Termination is without prejudice to any right or remedy that may
	have accrued or be accruing to either party prior to termination.

18.3	IMPLICATIONS OF TERMINATION.  Upon termination, you will
	immediately destroy the original and all whole or partial copies
	of the Software, License Keys, and Development License
	Certificates used under this License that are in your possession
	or control. Termination will not relieve you from your obligation
	to pay QSS any and all fees or other amounts due under this
	License at any time or for any period. Any pre-payment of
	Software royalties or license fees is non-refundable. If either
	Party terminates this License for any reason all copies of
	Runtime Configurations distributed pursuant to Schedule C
	(Runtime Distribution Addendum) prior to termination in
	accordance with the terms of this License will continue;
	however, all license your license rights, and those of your
	subcontractors and distributors, will immediately cease upon
	termination. The provisions of this License that are expressed or
	by their sense and context are intended to survive the
	termination of this License will survive, including but not limited
	to Sections 1 (Definitions), 5 (Deployment of Software and
	Audits of Software Use), 7 (Prohibited Activities), 8
	(Preservation of Rights), 9 (Third Party Software), 10
	(Ownership and Reservation of Rights), 11 (Feedback), 12 (US
	Government Rights), 14 (Confidential Information), 15 (Limited
	Warranties) , 16 (Limitation of Liability), 17 (Multimedia
	Content), 18 (Term, Subscription Renewal & Termination), 20
	(Governing Law), 21 (Arbitration), 22 (Assignment), 24 (Whole
	Agreement), 25 (Interpretation), B-4, C-3 (Third-Party License
	Supplements), C-4 (High Risk), C-5 (Subcontractors &
	Distributors), C-8 (Partner Product Support), C-9 (Compliance
	with Laws), C-10 (Preservation of Rights), C-11 (Indemnity), and
	C-12. Termination is without prejudice to any right or remedy
	that may have accrued, or be accruing to either Party prior to
	termination.


19.  DEFENSIVE TERMINATION FOR PATENT INFRINGEMENT
ACTION. This License will terminate as of the date you institute patent
litigation (including but not limited to a cross-claim or counterclaim in a
lawsuit) in any jurisdiction against any entity alleging that the Software
infringes or contributes to the infringement of a patent.


20.  GOVERNING LAW. This License will be governed by and
construed in accordance with the laws in force in the Province of
Ontario, Canada, without regard to the conflicts of laws provisions
thereof. The parties hereby irrevocably waive: (i) the provisions of the
United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of
Goods, and (ii) any right to a trial by jury regarding the resolution of any
dispute between the parties hereto arising out of or in connection with
this License.


21.  ARBITRATION. It is the intention of the parties to settle any dispute
relating to this License; however, if the parties cannot settle any such
dispute themselves, then such dispute will be arbitrated and finally
settled under the provisions of the Arbitration Act of Ontario and the
National Arbitration Rules of the ADR Institute of Canada, Inc. The place
of arbitration will be Ottawa, Ontario, Canada. The language of the
arbitration will be English. The decision of the arbitrator will be final and
binding on the parties. The prevailing party will be entitled to recover its
costs and expenses from the arbitration, including but not limited to
reasonable attorney's fees. All information pertaining to any dispute that
relates to this License will be considered Confidential Information for the
purpose of Section 14 (Confidential Information).


22.  ASSIGNMENT. You may not assign this License, or assign any
rights or delegate any obligations under this License, without the prior
written consent of QSS.  An assignment will be deemed to include any
merger (if you are a corporate entity) with another party, whether or not
you are the surviving entity, the acquisition of more than 50% of any
class of your voting stock by another party, or the sale of more than 50%
of your assets. Any attempted assignment or delegation in violation of
the foregoing will be void and of no effect. This License will inure to the
benefit of and be binding upon the parties and their respective
successors and permitted assigns.


23.  EXECUTION AND ACCEPTANCE. Nothing but this License (or any
other written agreement between you and QSS) authorizes you to
undertake any of the activities described in this License, and doing so in
contravention of these terms and conditions is breach of contract and/or
copyright or patent infringement. When you enter your License Key to
unlock the Software this License will be displayed for your review and
acceptance. Choosing "I ACCEPT" during that process constitutes your
execution and acceptance of this License.


24.  WHOLE AGREEMENT. This License, including but not limited to
the License Guide and Third Party Terms List, any Invoice
accompanying the Software the corresponding Development License
Certificate, the Standard Support Addendum (Schedule A), the QNX
Middleware Product Addendum (Schedule B), the Runtime License
Addendum (Schedule C), and any Runtime License Certificates,
constitutes the entire agreement between the parties pertaining to this
subject matter and supersedes any prior or contemporaneous
agreement, representation, statement, negotiation, undertaking dealing
with the same subject matter. The provisions of this QNX Partner &
Consultant Software License Agreement will prevail in the event of a
conflict between any of its provisions and the License Guide or Third
Party Terms List, or any inconsistent or additional terms or conditions of
any related purchase orders or invoices. No amendment, modification or
waiver of any part of this License will be binding unless in a written
document that expressly refers to this License and that is signed by both
parties. The divisions and headings in this License have been included
for convenience only and will not affect its construction or interpretation.


25.  INTERPRETATION.  The divisions and headings in this Agreement
have been included for convenience only and will not affect its
construction or interpretation. Any provision of this Agreement that is
prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction will, as to such
jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or
unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof or
affecting the validity or enforceability of such provision in any other
jurisdiction.


26.  PARTNER EXPERIENCE. QSS may contact you to ask about your
impressions of the Software, the QNX Product Portfolio, the myQNX
Portal or the QNX developer community. In consideration for the free
license rights granted to you under this License you agree to provide
your feedback.


27.  LANGUAGE. This License has been drafted in the English
language at the express request of the parties.  Les parties conviennent
que la prsente convention et tous les documents s'y rattachant soient
rdigs en anglais.


(c) 2010 QNX Software Systems GmbH & Co. KG. All rights reserved.
QNX, Momentics, Neutrino, Aviage, Photon, Photon microGUI and
Foundry27 are trademarks of QNX Software Systems GmbH & Co. KG,
which are registered trademarks and/or used in certain jurisdictions, and
are used under license by QNX Software Systems Co.


Document Version: PSLA_v006_June15-10

_________________________________________________________

SCHEDULE A: STANDARD SUPPORT ADDENDUM
__________________________________________________________


A-0.   BACKGROUND. This Schedule A provides the terms and
conditions upon which QSS will provide you with the maintenance and
support services described below ("Standard Support") for QNX Product
Portfolio components you have licensed under this License. This
"Standard Support Addendum" is incorporated into the QNX Partner &
Consultant Software License Agreement. All defined terms in the
License will have the same meanings in this Standard Support
Addendum.

A-1.  ELIGIBLE SOFTWARE. Your Standard Support subscription
applies to the Software, subject to your payment when due of all
applicable Standard Support subscription fees specified on your
Software Invoice (or on any corresponding subscription commencement
or renewal invoice(s)). Standard Support subscription fees are included
in the annual fees for Software licensed under this License on a
subscription basis.

A-2.  STANDARD SUPPORT SERVICES. During your Standard
Support subscription QSS will provide you with "Help-Desk Services" for
the current version of the Commercially Released Software by delivering
person-to-person telephone-, email-, or web-based assistance with: (i)
installation and configuration issues;  (ii) understanding the functionality
and behavior of specific parts; (iii) isolating problems you encounter by
verifying the Software, when used in accordance with the associated
Documentation on one or more of the applicable "Reference Platforms"
identified in the License Guide, does not behave the way the
Documentation says it should ("Error"); and (iv) providing you with
patches or work-arounds for known Errors; and (v) submitting problem
reports for confirmed Errors that do not have current solutions. You may
report and track your issues at Tech Support on Foundry27. Help Desk
Services are for your support and are not to be used for the benefit of
other QNX developers who have chosen not to subscribe to Standard
Support. However, QSS reserves the right to publish information
(including but not limited to work-arounds and fixes) relating to any
issues you report for the benefit of the QNX development community,
provided it does not include any details that would identify you or your
customers.

A-3.  SOFTWARE UPDATES. During your Standard Support
subscription, QSS will provide you with any commercially released
Medial (6.x) and Minor (6.x.x) Software updates, as well as any
intervening maintenance releases (including but not limited to service
packs and patch releases) (collectively, "Updates") for use under this
License. Updates do not include Major Software updates (e.g., QNX 4 to
QNX 6) or access to unlicensed products or technologies. You may only
use Updates under this License that are released during your
subscription to Standard Support. You may only use such Updates in
association with your authorized Development Seat and licensed
Partner Products. You may not share your Updates with anyone else,
unless they are entitled to use them under their own QSS license.

A-4.  STANDARD SUPPORT SUBSCRIPTION TERM. Each
subscription is valid for Standard Support services for one Development
Seat for one year. Your subscription will end on the anniversary of the
Invoice date unless you first renew your subscription by delivering a
purchase order to QSS for the Standard Support fee for the Software for
the next subscription year. All subscription fees are due in advance and
are non-refundable. QSS reserves the right to withhold Standard
Support if you have not paid your subscription fees.

See the QNX Standard Support User's Guide
(http://licensing.qnx.com/standard-support/) for further information.
 Other support and custom engineering services are also available from
QSS (see http://licensing.qnx.com/services/).

_________________________________________________________

SCHEDULE B: QNX MIDDLEWARE PRODUCT ADDENDUM
__________________________________________________________


B-0.  BACKGROUND.  This Schedule B, together with the other terms
and conditions of the QNX Partner & Consultant Software License
Agreement, provides the terms and conditions upon which QSS
authorizes you to use QNX Middleware products for development
purposes, provided that you first purchase a corresponding development
license. This "QNX Middleware Product Addendum" is incorporated into
the QNX Partner & Consultant Software License Agreement. All defined
terms in the License will have the same meanings in this QNX
Middleware Product Addendum. The provisions of this Schedule B will
prevail in the event of a conflict between any of its provisions and other
parts of this License.

B-1. QNX MIDDLEWARE SOFTWARE.  Your commercial license only
extends to the specific QNX Middleware product(s) listed on the Invoice
for the corresponding development license you have purchased ("QNX
Middleware Software", and part of the "Software" for the purpose of the
License), which are further described in a matching Development
License Certificate and in the License Guide that accompanies the
Software. QNX Middleware Software is licensed on a Project-specific
basis and requires a Development License Certificate in order to be
activated. Multi-Project Development License Certificates may be
available (contact an authorized QNX sales representative for more
information - see http://www.qnx.com/company/contact/). If your QNX
Middleware Software was delivered with an earlier version of this

License, then you may elect to adopt the terms and conditions of this
License instead (i.e., to facilitate distribution of associated QNX Runtime
Components under Schedule C, not to gain some update rights that you
would not otherwise be entitled to), in which case your License
Certificate for the QNX Middleware Software will be deemed to be a
"Development License Certificate" for the purpose of this License.

B-2. DEVELOPMENT LICENSE GRANT AND CONSIDERATION.
Subject to your payment when due of all applicable license fees
(including but not limited to renewal fees for any subscription-based
Project licenses) specified on the Invoice for the QNX Middleware
product development license you have purchased ("QNX Middleware
Invoice"), and subject to the terms and conditions of this License, QSS
hereby grants to Licensee (you) a limited, non-exclusive, personal,
non-sublicensable and non-transferable (except as contemplated in Section
22 (Assignment)) license on the same terms and conditions specified in
the License except as modified by Section B-3 (Project License).

B-3.  PROJECT LICENSE.  Your QNX Middleware Software license is
specific to a single Project and may not be transferred or reassigned to
other projects. You may share your licensed QNX Middleware Software
with your developers (including with employees of your contractors) who
have been assigned Development Seats (and License Keys) in
accordance with the License, but only to the extent and for so long as
they provide software development services on your behalf for the
licensed Project. Your QNX Middleware Software license ends when the
Project for which it was purchased ends (or at the end of any
subscription period in the case of subscription-based licenses).


B-4.  QSS may request reports and conduct audits pursuant to the
provisions of Sections 5.3-5.5 of this License in order to confirm
compliance with the terms and conditions of this License. If you have
licensed QNX Middleware Software for more than one Project, you must
identify all Projects in all reports and audits requested pursuant to
Section 5 (Deployment of Software and Audits of Software Use) of this
License.


_________________________________________________________

SCHEDULE C: RUNTIME DISTRIBUTION ADDENDUM
_________________________________________________________


C-0.  BACKGROUND. This Schedule C, together with the other terms
and conditions of QNX Partner & Consultant Software License
Agreement, provides the terms and conditions upon which QSS
authorizes you to distribute copies of certain QNX Runtime Components
as part of your Partner Product, provided that you first purchase
corresponding Runtime License Certificate(s) (as defined below) for the
number of copies of the Runtime Configuration you require. This
"Runtime Distribution Addendum" is incorporated into the QNX Partner
& Consultant Software License Agreement. All defined terms in the
License will have the same meanings in this Runtime Distribution
Addendum. The provisions of this Schedule C will prevail in the event of
a conflict between any of its provisions and other parts of this License.

C-1.  DEFINITIONS.  The following defined terms are added to this
Addendum and will have the same meanings throughout the License.

"EULA" means a properly completed version of the QNX End User
	License Agreement provided in Appendix I (Form of QNX Pass-through
	EULA for Partner Products) of this Runtime Distribution Addendum.

"Invoice" will include for the purpose of this Addendum any invoice
	issued by QSS (or its distributor) for Runtime License
	Certificates you have purchased.

"Runtime Configuration" means a specific set of QNX Runtime
	Components identified in a Runtime License Certificate (as
	further described in the License Guide).

"Runtime License Certificate" means the original copy of a QSS-issued
	and serialized document that is provided to you by QSS or by
	one of its authorized distributors and that authorizes the creation
	of a specific number of copies of the Runtime Configuration
	identified therein. Runtime License Certificates may be provided
	in electronic form and will be considered as part of the
	"Documentation" for the purpose of this License.

C-2.  DISTRIBUTION LICENSE GRANT AND CONSIDERATION.
Subject to your payment when due of all applicable license fees
(including but not limited to renewal fees for any subscription-based
distribution licenses) specified on the Invoice for the Runtime License
Certificate(s) you have purchased ("Runtime License Certificate
Invoice"), and subject to the terms and conditions of this License, QSS
hereby grants to Licensee (you) a limited, non-exclusive, personal,
non-sublicenseable and non-transferable (except as contemplated in Section
22 (Assignment)) license for the following specific activities and
purposes:

C-2.1	To reproduce, as an integral part of Partner Products, up to the
	aggregate total number of copies of Runtime Configurations
	authorized by Runtime License Certificate(s) you have
	purchased from QSS or its authorized distributor(s) only for the
	purpose of manufacturing and distributing Partner Products for
	demonstration, evaluation and promotional purposes. (Note that
	some Partner Products may require more than one Runtime
	Configuration license - e.g., Partner Products may contain
	multiple processors, each running a separate copy of the same
	Runtime Configuration or different Runtime Configurations).

C-2.2	To reproduce, as part of the Partner Product backup media (if
	any), to be shipped with the Partner Product, a second copy of
	the Runtime Configuration for each copy authorized under
	Section C-2.1 solely for use for Partner Product back-up
	purposes (i.e., not for productive use, such as in redundant
	systems).

C-2.3	To distribute copies of the Runtime Configuration made under
	Sections C 2.1 and C-2.2 to end users as part of and only for
	use in association with your Partner Product for demonstration,
	evaluation and promotional purposes under the terms and
	conditions of the EULA. Runtime License Certificates for Partner
	Products may be time limited, in which case the applicable time
	limit must be inserted into the EULA.

C-2.4	To adopt and reproduce (as provided in Sections C-2.1 and C-2.2) and
	to distribute (as provided in C-2.3 or pursuant to secure
	downloads only to authorized end users for use in licensed
	Partner Product) copies of: (i) Patch Releases, solely for the
	purpose of adopting Error corrections for use in new and
	existing Partner Products; and (ii) Updates, solely for use in new
	and existing Partner Products, provided that you have
	maintained a continuous subscription throughout your project to
	QSS support services under Schedule A for each active
	Development Seat used for Partner Product development,
	testing, maintenance, support and enhancement.

YOUR SOFTWARE DISTRIBUTION
RIGHTS UNDER THIS SCHEDULE ARE
LIMITED TO THE NUMBER OF COPIES
OF RUNTIME CONFIGURATION SOFTWARE
COMPONENTS AUTHORIZED BY RUNTIME
LICENSE CERTIFICATES YOU HAVE
PREPURCHASED DIRECTLY FROM QSS
OR ITS AUTHORIZED DISTRIBUTOR.

C-3.  THIRD-PARTY LICENSE SUPPLEMENTS.  Certain QNX Runtime
Components have additional distribution terms and conditions due to
pass-through requirements imposed by: (a) third party proprietary
technologies that they contain, which terms and conditions are
reproduced on the Runtime License Certificate (copies of which may be
obtained at http://licensing.qnx.com); and (b) open source software
contributions that they contain (see Section 9 (Third Party Software) for
details). Those terms and conditions are hereby incorporated into this
License, as applicable.

C-4.  HIGH RISK.  You may not use, or authorize others to use, any part
of the Software in any application in which the failure of the Software
could lead to death, personal injury or severe physical or property
damage (collectively, "High-Risk Applications"), including but not limited
to the operation of nuclear facilities, mass transit systems, aircraft
navigation or aircraft communication systems, air traffic control, weapon
systems and direct life support machines. QSS expressly disclaims any
express or implied warranty or condition of fitness for High-Risk
Applications.

C-5.  SUBCONTRACTORS & DISTRIBUTORS. Provided that you will
remain responsible to QSS at all times for the full performance of and
compliance with all terms and conditions of this QNX Partner &
Consultant Software License Agreement, including but not limited to
those of this Schedule C, you may: (i) sublicense your rights under
Section C-1.1, C-1.2 and C-1.4 to subcontractors who have been
retained by you to manufacture Partner Products on your behalf, and (ii)
sublicense your rights under Section C-1.3 to third party distributors in
your indirect Partner Product distribution channel.

C-6.  EULA.  You must ensure that end users are presented with a
properly completed version of the EULA, as provided in Exhibit 1 of this
Addendum, in a manner that follows the formalities necessary to make
the terms and conditions enforceable under local laws for the countries
in which the end users accepting the EULA reside.

C-7.  LICENSE STICKERS.  Optional license stickers are available from
QSS when ordering Runtime License Certificates (one serialized license
sticker for each Runtime Configuration copy authorized by the Runtime
License Certificate) to affix to Partner Products to facilitate the tracking
and identification of deployed copies of QNX Runtime Components.

C-8.  PARTNER PRODUCT SUPPORT.  You are responsible for all
Partner Product design, development, testing, distribution, support,
maintenance and updating. QSS offers Standard Support (see Schedule
A) and other Software support and custom engineering services (see
http://licensing.qnx.com/services/).

C-9.  COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS.  You will comply with all applicable
laws, rules and regulations and obtain all permits, licenses and
authorizations or certificates that may be required in connection with its
activities pursuant to this License. This includes any laws, regulations,
orders or other restrictions on the export of the Software from Canada
and the USA that may be imposed from time to time by the Canadian or
United States Governments.  You will not import, export or re-export,
directly or indirectly, the Software or information pertaining thereto to
any country for which either such government or any agency thereof
requires a license or governmental approval at the time of import, export
or re-export without first obtaining such license or approval.

C-10.  PRESERVATION OF RIGHTS. When distributing Partner
Products and associated Runtime Components to any agency,
department or unit of any government or quasi-government authority
you will take all actions and precautions consistent with applicable laws
and regulations specifically governing licensing to such entities to
preserve and protect all ownership and other rights of QSS and its
licensors in the Software.

C-11.  INDEMNITY.  You will indemnify and hold QSS harmless from
any damages finally awarded, and any costs and expenses (including
but not limited to reasonable attorney's fees) incurred, in any third-party
action against QSS, its Affiliates, or their distributors or suppliers, based
on bodily injury, property damage or any other injury, damage, or claim
arising out of the distribution, use or inability to use the Partner Product,
provided QSS promptly notifies you and gives you complete information
and reasonable assistance (at your expense). This Section C-11 will not
apply to any claims under Section 15.6 (Limited Warranty of
Provenance, Indemnity, and Exclusions from Indemnity) that QSS is
obliged to defend, or to other allegations that the Software infringes third
party rights, or to any final award of a court of competent jurisdiction
based on a finding of gross negligence or willful misconduct of QSS.

C-12.  You will maintain for a period of six (6) years after the end of the
year to which they relate accurate records regarding all of your direct
and indirect copying and distribution activities conducted pursuant to this
Schedule. QSS may request reports and conduct audits pursuant to the
provisions of Sections 5.3-5.5 of this License in order to confirm the
number of copies of Software created (by Partner Product), the number
of Partner Products shipped, and compliance with the terms and
conditions of this License. If you have purchased Runtime License
Certificates for more than one Runtime Configuration, you must also
identify copies by Runtime Configuration in all reports and audits
requested pursuant to Section 5 (Deployment of Software and Audits of
Software Use) of this License.


_________________________________________________________

APPENDIX I TO SCHEDULE C: FORM OF QNX PASS-THROUGH
EULA FOR PARTNER PRODUCTS
_________________________________________________________



Copyright 2010, QNX Software Systems GmbH & Co. KG. All Rights
Reserved.

The product you have purchased ("Product") contains QNX software
(Runtime Configuration No. [Insert applicable Runtime Configuration
Number]; "QNX Software") which is distributed by or on behalf of the
Product manufacturer ("Manufacturer") under license from QNX
Software Systems Co. ("QSS"). You may only use the QNX Software in
the Product and in compliance with the license terms below.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this License, QSS hereby grants
you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable license to use the QNX
Software in the Product [for a period of [Insert Application Evaluation
Period]] solely for the purpose of testing and evaluating the Product. If
permitted by the Manufacturer, or by applicable law, you may make one
backup copy of the QNX Software as part of the Product software. QSS
and its licensors reserve all license rights not expressly granted herein,
and retain all right, title and interest in and to all copies of the QNX
Software, including but not limited to all intellectual property rights
therein. Unless required by applicable law you may not reproduce,
distribute or transfer, or de-compile, disassemble or otherwise attempt to
unbundle, reverse engineer, modify or create derivative works of, the
QNX Software. You agree: (1) not to remove, cover or alter any
proprietary notices, labels or marks in or on the QNX Software, and to
ensure that all copies bear any notice contained on the original; and (2)
not to export the Product or the QNX Software in contravention of
applicable export control laws.

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED
BY APPLICABLE LAW, QSS AND ITS
LICENSORS PROVIDE THE QNX SOFTWARE
ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES
OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, EITHER
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO ANY WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS
OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT,
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE. ANY WARRANTIES
OR OTHER PROVISIONS OFFERED BY
THE MANUFACTURER OR ITS DISTRIBUTOR(S)
THAT DIFFER FROM THIS LICENSE ARE
OFFERED BY THE MANUFACTURER OR
ITS DISTRIBUTOR(S) ALONE AND NOT BY
QSS, ITS AFFILIATES OR THEIR LICENSORS.
YOU ASSUME ANY RISKS ASSOCIATED
WITH YOUR USE OF THE QNX SOFTWARE
UNDER THIS LICENSE.

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY
APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL QSS,
ITS AFFILIATES OR THEIR LICENSORS BE
LIABLE TO YOU UNDER ANY LEGAL THEORY,
WHETHER IN TORT (INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO NEGLIGENCE), CONTRACT OR
OTHERWISE, FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING
BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES OF ANY CHARACTER ARISING
AS A RESULT OF THIS LICENSE OR OUT
OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE
PRODUCT (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED
TO DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF GOODWILL,
WORK STOPPAGE, PRODUCT FAILURE
OR MALFUNCTION, OR ANY AND ALL OTHER
COMMERCIAL DAMAGES OR LOSSES),
EVEN IF QSS, ITS AFFILIATES OR THEIR
LICENSORS HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

For more information on the QNX Software, including but not limited to
any open source software license terms (and available source code) as
well as copyright attributions applicable to the Runtime Configuration
indicated above, please contact the Manufacturer or contact QSSC at
175 Terence Matthews Crescent, Kanata, Ontario, Canada K2M 1W8
(email: licensing@qnx.com, ph: +1-613-591-0931, fax: +1-613-591-3579).



