QNX COMMERCIAL SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT

The software and related documentation that you are about to access
(the "Software", as further defined below) is offered by QNX Software
Systems Co. ("QSS"), having offices at 175 Terence Matthews
Crescent, Kanata, Ontario, Canada K2M 1W8 (ph: +1-613-591-0931,
fax: +1-613-591-3579), for your use in accordance with the terms and
conditions below.

By answering "I ACCEPT" during the download, installation or activation
of the Software, you represent that you have read, understood and
agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this QNX Commercial
Software License Agreement, including (as applicable) Schedules A, B,
and C (collectively, this "License" or "CSLA"). If you do not accept these
terms and conditions then you are not granted a license and are not
authorized to access, download, install or use the Software.


TERMS AND CONDITIONS

0.  BACKGROUND

QSS has developed and licenses a general purpose real-time operating
system known as the QNX (R) Neutrino (R) RTOS ("QNX Neutrino
RTOS"). Its unique microkernel architecture provides an extensible
operating system framework based on the foundational components of
the Kernel and System Libraries. Additional operating system services
are implemented by plugging in other software modules (e.g.,
networking, file systems, graphics, etc.). These modules are licensed as
part of the base "QNX Neutrino Core" runtime component. When
modified or configured to operate on target hardware, the QNX Neutrino
Core components provide a microkernel operating system with
advanced memory protection, distributed processing, symmetric
multiprocessing, a dynamically upgradeable architecture, and industry-leading
real-time performance.

Other more specialized QNX middleware products (e.g., QNX Aviage
HMI Suite 2.0, QNX Aviage Multimedia Suite and QNX Aviage Acoustic
Processing Kit; collectively, "QNX Middleware") are available as
separately licensed products. For the purpose of this License, the QNX
Neutrino Core components, and any runtime components of the QNX
Middleware products that you have licensed, will be collectively referred
to as the "QNX Runtime Components" (as further defined below).
QSS also offers a related set of award winning software development
tools known as the QNX (R) Momentics (R) Tool Suite ("QNX
Momentics Tools"). Developers use the QNX Momentics Tools to modify
and configure QNX Runtime Components and to develop applications to
run on the QNX Neutrino RTOS. The QNX Momentics Tools include
compilers, debuggers, libraries, header files, utilities, sample code, test
suites, performance optimization tools, etc., within an integrated
development environment based on the open Eclipse IDE framework.
The QNX Middleware products may also come with supplementary
development tool components, which for the purpose of this License will
be considered part of the QNX Momentics Tools to the extent you have
licensed those products. Collectively, the QNX Runtime Components
and the QNX Momentics Tools are referred to as the "QNX Product
Portfolio" throughout this License.

More detailed QNX Product Portfolio information is available in the QNX
License Guide published at http://licensing.qnx.com/license-guide/
("License Guide", which is hereby incorporated into this License), a copy
of which can be found in the file system installation of the Software. The
License Guide provides important version-specific information about the
nature and scope of license rights granted (or not granted) to you
hereunder. For that reason the License Guide should be carefully
reviewed. Please contact licensing@qnx.com if you have any questions.

The QNX Momentics Tools and QNX Neutrino Core components
(collectively, the "Software Development Platform" or "SDP") are initially
delivered together and are licensed for development purposes under
this License on either a named-user or floating-license basis. QNX
Middleware products are delivered separately and are licensed for
development purposes under this License (see Schedule B), on a
project-wide basis. Development licenses for each component of the
QNX Product Portfolio are available on either a perpetual (paid-up
license) or time limited (subscription) basis. These and other important
details about your license rights in the Software are specified in the
"Development License Certificate(s)" that QSS sent you when you
purchased your Software license(s). Your License Certificate(s) is an
important document to define and authenticate your rights under this
License. Please contact licensing@qnx.com if you have lost or
misplaced it.

QNX Neutrino RTOS developers typically use their QNX Momentics
Tools and a subset of the QNX Runtime Components to build an
embedded computing system or device ("Target System") by:
(i)	developing the necessary code to make the QNX Neutrino
	RTOS operational on the Target System (i.e., a board support
	package ("BSP") comprising initial program load ("IPL"), start-up
	and drivers - various parts of which may be available from QSS
	in binary form for supported processors and peripherals or,
	alternatively, which may be developed from scratch or derived
	from QSS-supplied sample source code); and
(ii)	integrating QNX Runtime Component object code programs,
	libraries and utilities with files the developers have generated
	using their QNX Momentics Tools in order to define the
	system's operational constraints, to tailor its functionality and, if
	equipped with a graphical user interface, to create its
	appearance, in order to meet the Target System's design
	requirements.

Ultimately you will choose a subset of QNX Runtime Components
("Runtime Configuration") to include in your Target System. Over the
Target System's life cycle you may elect to upgrade hardware platforms
(requiring a repetition of step (i) above) and/or update software
components (e.g., to adopt QNX Runtime Component updates - see
Schedule A, or to introduce new QNX Runtime Components) in order to
enhance the Target System's reliability, performance and functionality.
So it is possible that your Target System's Runtime Configuration may
change over time.

This License allows you to commercially develop Target Systems using
the QNX Product Portfolio components you have licensed from QSS, as
described in your License Certificate(s). It can also be used to distribute
Runtime Configurations in or for your Target System (see Schedule C).
You can invoke these optional distribution term and conditions by
purchasing the appropriate Runtime License Certificates from QSS, or
from an authorized QNX distributor. Each Runtime License Certificate
expressly authorizes the distribution of a specified number of copies of a
specified Runtime Configuration in or for Target Systems. Additional
Runtime License Certificates can be purchased as required. Contact an
authorized QNX sales representative for more information (see
http://www.qnx.com/company/contact/).

Certain components of the QNX Product Portfolio are available from
QSS under the terms and conditions of the Apache License, Version 2.0
("Apache License"), the Eclipse Public License, or other open source
licenses. All of the open source components in the QNX Product
Portfolio, and the licenses to which they are subject, are identified in the
License Guide and the corresponding Third Party License Terms List
available at http://licensing.qnx.com/third-party-terms/ ("Third Party
Terms List", which is hereby incorporated into this License), a copy of
which has also been included in the Software installation media. You will
also find a separate file in the file system after installation of the
Software that provides a binary-file-specific mapping of applicable open
source license terms. This mapping file is still a work in progress and
should not be relied upon at this stage as it is incomplete. Updated
versions will be published as they become available. Contact
licensing@qnx.com if you have questions or require additional
information.


1.  DEFINITIONS.

"Commercially Released Software" means Software in binary form that
	QSS has formally released together (or that QSS has verified as
	compatible, as specified in Documentation) and has identified in
	the License Guide as fully supported. It includes patch Updates
	to such Software that are made available to you by QSS to
	address errors: (i) pursuant to Section 15.4 (Remedy for Breach
	of Limited Warranty of Performance) or during your subscription
	to maintenance and support services pursuant to Schedule A
	("Standard Support"), or (ii) pursuant to a Priority Support
	Agreement or equivalent custom support engagement with
	QSS.

"Development License Certificate" means the original copy of a QSS-issued
	document, provided to you by QSS or by one of its
	authorized distributors, that: (i) describes the QNX Product
	Portfolio components licensed to you for development purposes
	under this License, (ii) identifies the term of this License, and
	(iii) contains a specific "License Key" or "Floating License Key"
	that unlocks those component(s) during installation on a
	Development Seat. Development License Certificates may also
	include additional terms and conditions, which are hereby
	incorporated into this License, that are specific to its QNX
	Product Portfolio components. Development License
	Certificates may be provided in electronic form and will be
	considered as part of the "Documentation" for the purpose of
	this License.

"Development Seat" means a named user's workstation (i.e., their
	desktop, laptop and/or one other computer) used by that
	developer to perform software development for Target Systems
	using the QNX Momentics Tools. Named users are identified by
	their email addresses.

"Experimental Software" means all Software other than Commercially
	Released Software, including but not limited to: (i) experimental,
	alpha, beta, demo, trial, unsupported, or other components
	made available to you on an early access basis as described in
	Section 15.2 (Availability and Use of Experimental Software), at
	the QNX developer portal hosted by QSS ("Foundry27"), as part
	of the QNX Product Portfolio in components that are identified
	as experimental, alpha, beta, demo, trial or unsupported
	components in the License Guide, or otherwise so identified and
	made available by QSS for use under this License; (ii)
	deliverables made available to you by QSS for use under this
	License pursuant to an Engineering Service Agreement or
	equivalent custom engineering engagement; (iii) derivative
	works you create or obtain from the QNX developer community,
	whether from Foundry27 or otherwise; (iv) other software you
	receive from third parties; or (v) combinations of Commercially
	Released Software with other software components (including
	but not limited to components from other versions or releases,
	or components intended for use on other hardware platforms).

"Licensee" (or "you") means the individual who or entity that accepted
	and agreed to be bound by the terms and conditions of this
	License.

"Project" means a team of developers at one or more sites working
	cooperatively to develop a single product, or a set of product
	variants that: (i) use the same Runtime Configuration(s) and
	substantially the same application software stack, and (ii) deliver
	substantially the same end user feature set. A project for the
	development of a standard platform will initially be considered a
	single Project; however, each customer (internal or otherwise)
	that adopts the platform for further development will be
	considered a separate Project.

"QNX Runtime Components" means components of the Software that
	are intended to be integrated into and distributed as an integral
	part of a Target System, as described in the License Guide or
	the Documentation.

"Software" means computer code (in whatever form), and its associated
	developer documentation, reference specifications - e.g. POSIX,
	read-me files, installation notes, and release notes that are
	provided in or for the Software (separately referred to as
	"Documentation"), included in any component of the QNX
	Product Portfolio made available to you by QSS or an
	authorized QNX	distributor, with a corresponding Development
	License Certificate,  for use under this License. It includes: (i)
	Software updates and patches made available to you pursuant
	to Section 15.4 (Remedy for Breach of Limited Warranty of
	Performance) or during your subscription to Standard Support,
	(ii) Software patches made available to you by QSS for use
	under this License pursuant to a Priority Support Agreement or
	equivalent custom support engagement, (iii) experimental,
	alpha, beta, demo, trial, unsupported or other components
	made available to you by QSS on an early access basis as
	described in Section 15.2 (Availability and Use of Experimental
	Software), at Foundry27, as part of the QNX Product Portfolio in
	components that are identified as experimental, alpha, beta,
	demo, trial or unsupported components in the License Guide, or
	otherwise so identified and made available by QSS for use
	under this License, (iv) deliverables made available to you by
	QSS for use under this License pursuant to an Engineering
	Service Agreement or equivalent custom engineering
	engagement, and (v) any QSS-specific Improvements, if any, as
	defined in Section 11 (Feedback).

"Target System" means any hardware or software product for
	embedded devices into which QNX Runtime Components have
	been wholly or partially integrated that: (i) significantly enhances
	the function and value of the Software, and (ii) has substantially
	different principal purposes than those of the Software and of
	other components of the QNX Product Portfolio.

"Update" means new versions of Software components that provide
	error orrections ("Patch Releases"), functional enhancements
	and/or erformance improvements, and are included in QSS-issued
	update, maintenance, service pack or patch releases to
	Commercially Released Software. Updates do not include any:
	(i) major Software releases (e.g., QNX 4 to QNX 6); (ii)
	unlicensed QNX Product Portfolio components or technologies
	(e.g., use of Experimental Software versions will not entitle you
	to subsequently adopt corresponding Commercially Released
	Software versions if you have not paid the associated
	commercial development license fees (if any)); (iii) new software
	features that are only offered by QSS as extra-cost
	development or runtime distribution option (e.g., as extra-cost
	options to licensed Software, or as a separate royalty-bearing
	QNX Runtime Components); or (iv) features that were formerly
	offered by QSS in separate royalty-bearing QNX Runtime
	Components but that are now bundled into a single QNX
	Runtime Component that has a greater list price.


2.  DEVELOPMENT LICENSE GRANT AND CONSIDERATION.  Subject to your
payment when due of all applicable license fees
(including but not limited to renewal fees for any subscription-based
licenses) specified on QSS's (or its distributor's) invoice for the QNX
Product Portfolio component development license(s) you have
purchased ("Invoice", which is hereby incorporated into this License),
and subject to the terms and conditions of this License, QSS hereby
grants to Licensee (you) a limited, non-exclusive, personal,
non-sublicensable and non-transferable (except as contemplated in Section
22 (Assignment)) license for the specific activities and purposes
authorized in Sections 3 (Authorized Development Activities) and 4
(Authorized Purposes) below:

2.1	under copyrights owned or sub-licensable by QSS, to copy the
	Software and to create derivative works of the Software made
	available by to you by QSS in source code form ("Source
	Code"), and, subject to the requirements of Section 4.2, to
	distribute such derivative works to third parties; and

2.2	under patent claims owned or sub-licensable by QSS, and that
	are embodied in the Software as delivered by QSS, to make
	and use the Software and derivative works of the Source Code,
	and, subject to the requirements of Section 4.2, to distribute
	derivative works of the Source Code to third parties.

Certain features of the Software may require additional patent or
copyright rights not included in this License. For Commercially Released
Software such cases are noted in the License Guide, and include
features of the optional QNX Middleware Products and features
obtained from other software vendors or hardware vendors. QSS only
licenses you the patent and copyright rights that it owns or that it can
sublicense under the terms and conditions of this License without
payment of additional royalties. It is Licensee's (your) responsibility to
identify and secure any other license rights necessary to make, use,
import or sell any product or system that contains or uses any Software
that QSS has identified as requiring additional patent or copyright rights.


3.  AUTHORIZED DEVELOPMENT ACTIVITIES.  The Software is
licensed only for the specific development activities below when used for
purposes listed in Section 4 (Authorized Purposes):

3.1	installing the Software on and following normal backup and
	archiving practices for one developer's Development Seat per
	License Key. If you have licensed one or more Floating License
	Keys then you are authorized to install the Software on multiple
	Development Seats within a single business division, provided
	that each Floating License Key is only used by one developer at
	a time. You will be required to use Floating License Key
	management software (supplied by QSS) for host development
	platforms for which such software is available. If your Floating
	License Key was originally issued for QNX Product Portfolio
	components released prior to Version 6.5 (June, 2010), and you
	are entering into this License in order to update your Software,
	you may elect to adopt the Floating License Key terms and
	conditions of this License in place of your original QNX
	development license terms and conditions, provided and for so
	long as you pay to QSS annual  Standard Support fees at the
	rate that applies to Development Seats for the current version of
	the Software with Floating License Keys; and

3.2	using the Software on an authorized Development Seat in order
	to create, compile, link, install and use QNX Runtime
	Components, derivative works of Source Code, and new or
	existing applications or modules; and

3.3	installing and using QNX Runtime Components, or software
	created pursuant to Section 3.2, on up to five (5) Target
	Systems per License Key or Floating License Key in order to
	develop, test, maintain or demonstrate Target Systems.
	Additional QNX	Runtime Component licenses for Target
	Systems may be obtained from QSS or its authorized
	distributors pursuant to the terms and conditions of Schedule C
	by purchasing the required Runtime License Certificate(s).


4.  AUTHORIZED PURPOSES.  The Software is licensed only for the
specific purposes below:

4.1	using the Software to develop, test and maintain Target
	Systems or applications or modules that extend the QNX
	Product Portfolio components that you have licensed. This
	includes determining the suitability of QNX Runtime
	Components for use in Target Systems; conducting exploratory
	development or proof-of-concept prototyping of Target Systems;
	extending hardware or peripheral support for QNX Runtime
	Components; developing new applications for or porting existing
	applications to the QNX Neutrino RTOS or QNX Momentics
	Tools; participating in projects at Foundry27; and demonstrating
	and promoting your Target Systems to others, provided that you
	do not leave copies with third parties. It does not include your
	use of the Software in a Target System as an end user (QNX
	Runtime Component licenses for Target Systems may be
	obtained from QSS or its authorized distributors pursuant to the
	terms and conditions of Schedule C by purchasing the required
	Runtime License Certificate(s)); and

4.2	distributing your derivative works of QNX Runtime Components
	In any form to third parties at Foundry27 for the sole purpose of
	enabling other Foundry27 members to adopt your modifications,
	provided that you license your derivative works free of charge,
	under terms and conditions consistent with this License, and
	exclusively for use in substitution for a corresponding number of
	QSS-licensed copies of the unmodified QNX Runtime
	Components. This includes but is not limited to disclosing or
	distributing your derivative works of any confidential Source
	Code only under confidentiality terms and conditions that are at
	least as protective of the underlying Source Code as the terms
	and conditions of this License. FOR GREATER CERTAINTY,
	THIS LICENSE DOES NOT AUTHORIZE YOU
	TO DISTRIBUTE ANY PART OF THE QNX
	PRODUCT PORTFOLIO, OR ANY QNX RUNTIME
	COMPONENTS THEREOF, AS PART OF YOUR
	DERIVATIVE WORKS (EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT
	THAT QSS OR ITS CONTRIBUTORS HAVE
	EXPRESSLY LICENSED THAT PORTION OF THE
	SOFTWARE TO YOU UNDER AN OPEN SOURCE
	LICENSE) UNLESS YOUR LICENSEE ALREADY
	HAS ITS OWN LICENSE FOR THE UNDERLYING
	SOFTWARE FROM QSS FOR EACH COPY TO BE
	SUBSTITUTED. QNX Runtime Component licenses for
	Software underlying your derivative works may be obtained from
	QSS or its authorized distributors pursuant to the terms and
	conditions of Schedule C by purchasing the required Runtime
	License Certificate(s); and

4.3	using the Software to work with other authorized and licensed
	QNX Product Portfolio developers to facilitate teamwork in
	academic development labs or in group projects, including
	community projects at Foundry27; and

4.4	using the Software to undertake other activities authorized by
	QSS in writing through Foundry27, at
	http://licensing.qnx.com/csla-faq/ or by email from
	licensing@qnx.com.

ANY COMPONENTS OF QNX MIDDLEWARE
PRODUCTS THAT ARE MADE AVAILABLE TO
YOU AT FOUNDRY27 ARE ONLY AUTHORIZED
FOR USE UNDER THE HYBRID SOFTWARE
MODEL FOR NON-COMMERCIAL PURPOSES
UNLESS YOU HAVE OR UNTIL YOU OBTAIN
THE APPROPRIATE COMMERCIAL LICENSE(S)
(SEE SCHEDULE A BELOW).


5.  DEPLOYMENT OF SOFTWARE AND AUDITS OF SOFTWARE USE.

5.1	You may deploy the Software to your developers (including to
	employees of your contractors), who have been assigned
	Development Seats (and License Keys or Floating License
	Keys) but only to the extent and for so long as they provide
	software development services on your behalf. You may also
	re-deploy that Software from one developer to another as
	developers and projects change within your organization. In
	either case you (Licensee) always remain responsible to QSS
	for the full performance of the terms and conditions of this
	License, including but not limited to limiting the number of
	copies installed and used per License Key (or Floating License
	Key) pursuant to Section 3 (Authorized Development Activities).
	If a developer's Development Seat (and License Key) is re-deployed
	pursuant to this Section, then thereafter the re-deployed
	Development Seat (and License Key) or any other
	Development Seat (and License Key) you have
	licensed may not be re-deployed to such former licensed
	developer for a period of six (6) months.

5.2	In order to install and/or activate the Software certain
	machine-specific information as well as the licensed developer's email
	address ("Licensed User Information") is sent to QSS at the time
	of activation and/or periodically thereafter. This Licensed User
	Information may include but is not limited to software
	Identification numbers, MAC addresses, UUIDs, IP addresses,
	Identification numbers set by manufacturers of your hardware
	and/or identification numbers related to your host operating
	system. Except for the licensed developer's email address, QSS does
	not collect any personally identifiable information during
	activation. QSS may collect Licensed User Information at any
	time and may use Licensed User Information for the purposes of
	verifying compliance with the terms and conditions of this
	License, enforcing any reporting or audit-related provisions in
	this License (including but not limited to those in Sections 5.3
	and 5.4), and verifying compliance with the terms and conditions
	of any other agreements between you and QSS relating to
	software provided by QSS, but QSS will otherwise treat such
	Licensed User Information as your Confidential Information
	pursuant to Section 14 (Confidential Information).

5.3	QSS may require you from time to time, upon at least thirty (30)
	days written notice, to provide a written report, that includes: (i)
	the email address of the current named user for each
	Development Seat; (ii) the physical and computer address(es)
	where the Software is or has been deployed; (iii) a description of
	the Software, the version, projects and number of licenses for
	which updates have been applied; (iv) certification that the
	components of the QNX Product Portfolio you have licensed
	have been installed and used (or used concurrently in the case
	of Floating License Keys) only on the authorized number of
	Development Seats and Target Systems, and have been used
	only for authorized projects and by licensed divisions; (v)
	certification that Updates have only been used on Development
	Seats in accordance with Standard Support entitlements, and
	(vi) confirmation that Software copies have been destroyed in
	accordance with Section 18.3 (Implications of Termination) upon
	the expiration or termination of any of your license rights, or in
	accordance with Section 5.1 upon re-deployment of that
	Software. You (or an authorized signatory if you are a legal
	entity) agree to sign the reports to confirm their completeness
	and accuracy. QSS may also require you (or an authorized
	signatory if you are a legal entity) to complete and return a
	compliance certificate on an annual basis.

5.4	You will maintain for a period of six (6) years after the end of the
	year to which they relate, accurate records regarding all
	activities relating to this License. QSS reserves the right to audit
	your books and records (or have an independent third party
	audit), upon at least twenty (20) days prior written notice and at
	its expense, to determine your compliance with the terms and
	conditions of this License, including but not limited to the
	information called for in Section 5.3 (i)-(iv), and in Section B-4
	and C-12 of the Schedules. The audit will be conducted under
	the confidentiality provisions of Section 14 (Confidential
	Information).

5.5	Audits will not occur and reports will not be requested more than
	once each year unless discrepancies are discovered or unless
	QSS presents reasonable evidence (including but not limited to
	evidence based on Licensed User Information or based on the
	response or a non-response to the requirement set forth under
	Section 5.3) that you are not complying with the terms and
	conditions of this License. If an audit or report reveals use of the
	Software by you outside the terms and conditions of this
	License, you agree to correct any payment errors immediately
	by an adjustment payment, which will include interest on the
	overdue amount at a rate equal to fifteen percent (15%) per
	annum compounded monthly or the highest rate permitted by
	law, whichever is lower, of the outstanding payment from the
	date due until the date paid.  You will also reimburse QSS for all
	reasonable costs and expenses related to such audit or report,
	in addition to any other liabilities you may incur as a result of
	such non-compliance.


6.  MARKING OF SOFTWARE AND DERIVATIVE WORKS.  You must
document Software source code to identify and date any changes you
make to the Software to create your derivative works. You must include
in the source code, and in any notice in an executable version or related
documentation in which you describe the origin or ownership of your
software, a prominent statement that your work is derived, directly or
indirectly, from software provided by QSS. You may not remove from
the Software source code any previous copyright, patent, trademark,
licensing, or other attribution notices placed there by QSS or other
contributors to that Software.


7.  PROHIBITED ACTIVITIES.  You may not and will not authorize
others to:

7.1	Decompile, disassemble, decrypt, extract, unbundle, translate,
	or otherwise attempt or assist others to reverse engineer any
	part of the Software except as permitted by an open source
	license applying to a specific part of the Software, or except to
	the extent that QSS is expressly precluded by law from
	prohibiting these activities. Except for published source code
	files that are expressly identified by QSS as open source
	software, the Software IS NOT OPEN SOURCE; or

7.2	Alter, remove, or cover any trademark, logo, proprietary or
	licensing notices, labels, or marks in or on any part of the
	Software. You agree to exercise reasonable efforts to ensure
	that all whole or partial copies of the Software bear the same
	notices, labels, and marks contained in or on the original
	Software; or

7.3	Allow shared use of: (i) Software on Development Seats, (ii)
	License Keys or Floating License Keys (except as expressly
	allowed in Section 3.1), or (iii) Standard Support services or
	entitlements, including but not limited to sharing Updates with
	developers who are using Development Seats for which the
	required Standard Support fees have not been paid; or

7.4	Disclose or distribute Development License Certificates,
	Runtime License Certificates, License Keys or Floating License
	Keys to any others (except as expressly allowed in Sections 3.1
	and 5.1), use unauthorized License Keys or Floating License
	Keys, or circumvent the key activation or key management
	Mechanisms contained in the Software or at Foundry27. You
	agree to treat License Keys and Floating License Keys as QSS
	Confidential Information pursuant to Section 14 (Confidential
	Information); or

7.5	Directly or indirectly export, import, or transmit the Software to
	any country in contravention of the laws of that country, or the
	laws of Canada or the United States. Without restricting the
	foregoing, you may not download or transfer the Software to: (i)
	any country prohibited by United States and/or Canadian laws
	and regulations;  (ii) any person or entity prohibited from
	receiving United States and/or Canadian exports (including but
	not limited to those involved with missile technology or nuclear,
	chemical or biological weapons and those on US government
	restricted persons/entities lists - see
	http://www.bis.doc.gov/complianceandenforcement/liststocheck.htm);
	or (iii) any country which requires an import or use permit for
	encryption technology. You (Licensee) represent and warrant to
	QSS that you are not in or a resident of one of the restricted
	countries, and that you are not one of the restricted individuals or
	entities referred to above. You understand that the import or export
	of the Software may be regulated by some governments due to the
	Software's encryption capabilities. You accept sole responsibility to
	ensure that your use of the Software complies with the law; or

7.6	Use the Software in any application in which death, personal injury,
	or severe physical or property damage is a foreseeable
	consequence of Software use or failure (collectively, "High-Risk
	Applications") including but not limited to the operation of nuclear
	facilities, mass transit systems, aircraft navigation, flight control
	or communications systems, air traffic control systems, weapon
	systems, and life-support machines. QSS EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS
	ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY OR
	CONDITION OF FITNESS FOR HIGH-RISK
	APPLICATIONS; or

7.7	Use the Software to pursue any formal qualification, certification,
	or designation for the Software unless it is for a specific end user
	device or unless QSS has provided its express written consent.


8.  PRESERVATION OF RIGHTS.  You agree not to directly or indirectly
grant, or purport to grant, to any third party any rights or immunities under
QSS's or its licensors' intellectual property rights in the Software that will
subject such intellectual property to an open source license or scheme in
which there is or could be interpreted to be a requirement that as a condition
of use, modification and/or distribution, the Software be: (i) disclosed or
distributed in source code form; (ii) licensed for the purpose of making
derivative works; or (iii) redistributable at no charge.


9.  THIRD PARTY SOFTWARE.  Components of the QNX Product Portfolio
contain elements of third-party software that are licensed to QSS (and are
therefore provided to you) for limited purposes and under terms and
conditions that differ from those of this License. Such licenses include but
are not limited to:

	(i)   the Eclipse Public License ("EPL"), GNU Public License ("GPL"),
	Lesser GNU Public License ("LGPL"), Mozilla Public License
	("MPL"), and other open source licenses;
	(ii)  third party licenses that impose restrictions on use, copying,
	authorized purposes, etc. and/or supplemental obligations.
	Examples of affected products include but are not limited to: board
	support packages or individual device drivers that are limited to use
	with specific hardware manufacturers' products, and components of
	the QNX Aviage HMI Suite 2.0 and of the QNX Aviage Multimedia
	Suite; and/or
	(iii)  third party licenses that impose restrictions that limit use
	of the Software to use solely for demonstration and internal
	evaluation/trial purposes.

Those third party license terms, and any notices required to be provided by
those third party licensors, are set out for: (1) Commercially Released
Software in the License Guide and the corresponding Third Party Terms
List, and (2) Experimental Software at the applicable download site, in or
with the agreement it was provided under, or in the corresponding source
code. You are solely responsible for ensuring that limited-use software is not
used outside of the limits stated. Updated License Guides and Third Party
Terms List may be issued for each new version of the Software. You are
solely responsible for reviewing and complying with new versions if you
adopt Software updates. You are also responsible for reviewing the source
code and corresponding documentation for any third party derivative works
of QNX Runtime Components that you elect to adopt in substitution for
unmodified QSS-licensed copies (see Section 4.2) for any supplementary
terms and conditions that apply to the third party's modifications to the
underlying Software). You acknowledge and agree that QSS can disclose to
its third party licensors that you have received a copy of their technology.


10.  OWNERSHIP AND RESERVATION OF RIGHTS. The Software is
protected by intellectual property laws including but not limited to copyright
laws, both locally and internationally. The Software is licensed to you on the
terms and conditions set forth in this License and is not sold. QSS and its
licensors retain all rights, title and interests in and to the Software
(including but not limited to any elements of the Software embodied in
derivative works you create) and reserve all rights in the Software not
expressly licensed by this License including but not limited to copyrights
and patent rights. Subject to all underlying rights of QSS and its licensors
in the Software, and to the terms and conditions of this License, all other
rights, title and interests in and to any derivative works of the Software
and other application software that you may develop pursuant to this License
will be retained by you. No trademarks or service marks of QSS or its
licensors are licensed by this License, and you understand and agree that
QSS trademarks or service mark may not be applied to your goods or services
without the express written permission of QSS.


11.  FEEDBACK. QSS welcomes suggestions, comments or other feedback
about its products (e.g., regarding their utility, reliability, or
performance) and your user experience with the Software, as well as any
bug-fixes, features, functionality or enhancements you would like to see in
future versions (collectively "Feedback"). You agree that all Feedback is and
will be given entirely voluntarily and, even if designated as confidential,
will not create any confidentiality obligations for QSS. You agree not to:
(i) provide any Feedback that you know or have reason to believe is subject
to any third party intellectual property rights or would disclose third party
confidential information, or (ii) disclose to QSS as Feedback any of your
intellectual property rights or confidential information you intend to keep
or license to QSS. In the absence of a separate written agreement between the
parties, and in order for QSS to incorporate Feedback that you provide, you
(Licensee) hereby agree to: (A) assign (and do hereby assign) to QSS all
rights, title and interests (if any) in and to any QSS-specific Improvements
(as defined below) included in or derived by or on behalf of QSS from your
Feedback, including but not limited to any associated intellectual property,
and (B) obtain (or confirm you have obtained) written waivers of all moral
rights (if any) in such QSS-specific Improvements in favor of QSS, its
licensees, licensors, successor and assigns. In this Section "QSS-specific
Improvements" means any work-arounds, bug-fixes, features, functionality,
enhancements or other suggested improvements to the Software, or to other
QNX Product Portfolio components, that you provide.


12.  U.S. GOVERNMENT RIGHTS. If you are a U.S. government or
quasi-government entity, then you should be aware that the Software is a
"commercial item", as that term is defined in 48 C.F.R. 2.101 (Oct. 1995),
consisting of "commercial computer software" and "commercial computer
software documentation", as such terms are used in 48 C.F.R. 12.1212
(Sept. 1995). Consistent with 48 C.F.R. 12.1212 and 48 C.F.R. 227.7202-1
through 227.7202-4 (June 1995), all such customers acquire the Software
with only those rights set forth herein. Use, duplication, or disclosure by
the U.S. government is subject to restrictions as provided in DFARS 227.7202-
1(a) and 227.7202-3(a) (1995), DFARS 252.227-7013 (c)(1)(ii) (OCT 1988),
FAR 12.212(a)(1995), FAR 52.227-19, or FAR 52.227-14 (ALT III), as
applicable. QNX Software Systems Co. is the licensor.


13.  SUPPORT. Support from QSS is available at extra cost under the terms
and conditions of Schedule A (Standard Support) or pursuant to a separate
Priority Support Agreement with QSS (see
http://licensing.qnx.com/services/).


14.  CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION.

14.1	"Confidential Information" means any information disclosed by one
	party ("Discloser") to the other party ("Recipient"), for the purpose
	of performing obligations or exercising rights under this License (the
	"Purpose"), in a document or file clearly marked "Confidential" (or
	equivalent) or otherwise in any manner or form, provided it is clearly
	identified at disclosure as confidential and, within thirty (30) days
	of disclosure, is summarized and delivered to Recipient in a document
	marked "Confidential" (or equivalent). Confidential Information does
	not include information: (i) available to the public other than by
	reason of Recipient's breach of this License; (ii) rightfully received
	by Recipient from a third party without disclosure or use
	restrictions; (iii) independently developed by or on behalf of
	Recipient without access to Discloser's Confidential Information;
	(iv) previously known to Recipient other than by reason of a prior
	confidential disclosure by or on behalf of Discloser; or (v)
	hereinafter disclosed by Discloser to a third party without
	disclosure restrictions.

14.2	CONFIDENTIAL SOFTWARE. QSS hereby declares, and you
	(Licensee) agree, that unless or until the Software has been
	disclosed in source code at a public page of the Foundry27 web site
	at http://community.qnx.com, or otherwise falls within one or more of
	the exceptions in Section 14.1(i)-(vi), the Software source code will
	be deemed to be Confidential Information of QSS and may not be
	disclosed to any third party except as expressly authorized herein.

14.3	USE AND DISCLOSURE RESTRICTIONS. Recipient will: (i) use
	Discloser's Confidential Information only as necessary to achieve
	the Purpose; and (ii) disclose Discloser's Confidential Information
	only to persons who have a need to know to achieve the Purpose,
	and who are employees of Recipient, or of Recipient's affiliates, or
	of Recipient's or Recipient's affiliates' consultants or professional
	advisors, provided that all such recipients are bound by law or are
	subject to agreements that provide obligations at least as protective
	of the Confidential Information as the provisions of this Section 14.
	In the event Recipient is required to disclose Confidential
	Information in connection with any legal, judicial or administrative
	proceedings or government investigation or otherwise required by
	law, then Recipient will promptly notify Discloser and allow a
	reasonable time for Discloser to seek a protective or other court or
	administrative order from the appropriate court or government
	agency. Thereafter, such information may be disclosed to the extent
	required by law and subject to any protective order or other court or
	administrative order which may then apply.

14.4	RECIPIENT'S DUTY OF CARE. Recipient will protect Discloser's
	Confidential Information by using the same degree of care as
	Recipient uses to protect its own confidential information of like
	nature, but no less than reasonable care, to prevent the
	unauthorized dissemination or publication and unauthorized use of
	the Confidential Information. Recipient will only make copies of the
	Confidential Information as necessary to achieve the Purpose.
	Recipient will reproduce Discloser's proprietary rights notices on all
	copies in the same manner in which such notices were set forth in or
	on the original. The mingling of Confidential Information with
	information that falls within one or more of the exceptions in this
	Section 14 will not impair the status of, or the obligations of
	confidence and non-use respecting, the confidential parts.

14.5	DURATION OF OBLIGATIONS. Each Recipient's duty to protect
	Confidential Information disclosed to it will survive termination of
	this License but will end (except in the case of Software source code
	for which Recipient's duty to protect is perpetual) on the third
	anniversary of the date of termination of this License. All
	Confidential Information furnished by Discloser to Recipient, and all
	copies thereof, which are in the possession or control of Recipient or
	anyone to whom it has disclosed such Confidential Information will
	be and remain the property of Discloser and will be promptly
	returned to Discloser or destroyed on termination of this License.
	Recipient may retain one copy of Discloser's Confidential
	Information in the confidential, restricted access files of its Legal
	department for use only to prove compliance with the terms and
	conditions of this License. This Section 14 will survive termination
	of the License.


15.  LIMITED WARRANTIES.

15.1	BACKGROUND. The QNX Runtime Components comprise parts of
	a general purpose modular real-time operating system. You will
	select a subset of these modules for use in a unique hardware and
	software environment to implement certain desired functionality and
	performance. Ultimately, you may find that you cannot achieve your
	desired results. While QSS is committed to providing a versatile and
	reliable product, it does not warrant that the Software will function
	in accordance with its documentation in every combination of
	hardware platform, software environment and software
	configuration. You acknowledge that errors are likely to be
	encountered when the Software is used in your particular
	application. You therefore accept responsibility for satisfying
	yourself that the Software is suitable for your intended use. This
	includes conducting rigorous testing of the Software, in combination
	with your derivative works and value-added software application(s),
	on your target hardware platform prior to its initial release and
	prior to the release of any related software or hardware modifications
	or enhancements. QSS offers Standard Support, custom support plans
	and custom engineering services , subject to separate agreements,
	to help developers identify and solve particular Software
	implementation and integration issues.

15.2	AVAILABILITY AND USE OF EXPERIMENTAL SOFTWARE. QSS
	makes both Commercially Released Software and Experimental
	Software available to you primarily at the "myQNX.com" download
	center and/or at the Foundry27 web site (although other delivery
	mechanisms may be used from time to time). The myQNX.com
	download center is QSS's on-line source for Commercially Released
	Software updates. Foundry27 is where QSS and other Foundry27
	project leads post their Experimental Software, and where the QNX
	developer community shares other useful code.

	For example, QSS-led projects on Foundry27 post experimental,
	alpha and beta milestone builds for components that will be included
	in upcoming commercial releases; whereas, Software updates that
	include the commercially released versions of the Project's
	components are made available from the myQNX.com download
	center. Experimental Software from QSS, including but not limited to
	unsupported BSPs, drivers and sample source code, as well as trial
	tool and runtime components, are usually made available on
	Foundry27. However, if third-party distribution restrictions prohibit
	such postings, then QSS may have to offer certain Experimental
	Software as myQNX downloads. You acknowledge that you must
	always review associated release notes and download site warnings
	to confirm the release status of Foundry27 and myQNX.com
	downloads.

	QSS offers you access to experimental milestone builds in order to
	give QNX developers the earliest possible access to the latest QNX
	Product Portfolio technology and bug-fixes. Other Experimental
	Software is offered as a means of accelerating your development by
	leveraging source or binary code that has been written by others.
	Many developers will migrate during their development cycle from
	QSS's Experimental Software releases to corresponding
	Commercial Released Software as it becomes available. Others
	may decide to ship Experimental Software, after thoroughly testing
	the stability of such code and/or assessing the maturity of any
	milestone builds.

	EXPERIMENTAL SOFTWARE MAY HAVE
	KNOWN DEFICIENCIES, MAY NOT HAVE
	BEEN FULLY OPTIMIZED AND TESTED,
	MAY NOT BE SUPPORTED BY QSS AND
	MAY BE UNRELIABLE. EXPERIMENTAL
	SOFTWARE IS MADE AVAILABLE TO YOU
	BY STRICTLY ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT
	WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
	KIND. IN NO EVENT WILL QSS (OR ITS
	LICENSORS) BE LIABLE UNDER ANY
	CAUSE OF ACTION WHATSOEVER FOR
	DAMAGES RESULTING FROM THE USE OF
	OR INABILITY TO USE ANY EXPERIMENTAL
	SOFTWARE.

	Starting with version 6.4 of the Software, QSS now provides the
	ability (as described in Documentation) to confirm whether your binary
	files are Commercially Released Software or Experimental Software
	(which includes any binary files that you compiled from QSS-supplied
	source code). This information will help you assess the suitability of
	any code you are considering for use in your project.

15.3	LIMITED WARRANTY OF PERFORMANCE FOR COMMERCIALLY
	RELEASED SOFTWARE.  QSS warrants to you for a period of ninety (90)
	days from the date of the initial Invoice issued to you for the QNX
	Momentics Tools or for the particular QNX Runtime Component, as the
	case may be, that the Commercially Released Software therein will be
	Error Free. "Error Free" means that the Software, when used in
	accordance with the associated Documentation on one or more of the
	applicable "Reference Platforms" identified in the License Guide,
	materially behaves the way the Documentation says it should. Software
	will be presumed to be Error Free unless the error or problem can be
	reproduced on a Reference Platform and the error or problem does not
	result from modifications to, or incorrect or improper use of, the
	Software.

15.4	REMEDY FOR BREACH OF LIMITED WARRANTY OF PERFORMANCE.
	Your sole remedy and QSS's sole obligation for any breach of the
	warranty of Section 15.3 (Limited Warranty of Performance for
	Commercially Released Software) will be, at QSS's option, either:
	(i) to provide you with a free explanation, workaround, patch or
	update that allows the Software to be used Error Free; or (ii) to
	terminate this License pursuant to Section 18 (Term, Subscription
	Renewal & Termination) and, upon confirmation that you have complied
	with your obligations under this License, to provide you with a refund
	of the license fees (if any) that you paid to QSS pursuant to this
	License.

15.5	MEDIA WARRANTY AND REMEDY. QSS warrants to you for a period of
	ninety (90) days from the date of the initial Invoice issued to you
	for the QNX Momentics Tools or for the particular QNX Runtime
	Component, as the case may be, that any tangible media that QSS used
	to deliver the Software will be free from defects in material and
	workmanship under normal use. QSS is not responsible for media defects
	that result from accident or abuse. Your sole remedy for any breach of
	this media warranty will be to receive replacement media.

15.6	LIMITED WARRANTY OF PROVENANCE, INDEMNITY, AND
	EXCLUSIONS FROM INDEMNITY. Subject to the exceptions noted
	below, or in Sections 9 (Third Party Software) or 17 (Multimedia
	Content), QSS warrants to you that: (i) QSS is the author of the
	Commercially Released Software (or has a license from the author) and
	has the right to deliver the Commercially Released Software to you,
	and (ii) as delivered, the Commercially Released Software is not known
	to infringe any third party intellectual property rights.

	In support of the limited warranty of this Section 15.6, QSS offers to
	defend you against any third party copyright or patent infringement or
	trade secret misappropriation claims, and to indemnify and hold you
	harmless from any damages finally awarded in any third party action
	against you for said claims, based upon your use or distribution of
	the Commercially Released Software under the terms and conditions of
	this License, provided that you give QSS prompt notice, as well as all
	authority, information, and assistance (at QSS's expense) necessary or
	desirable to defend such claims.

	Expressly excluded from this indemnity are assertions of:

	(A) copyright infringement or trade secret misappropriation based upon
	the use, reproduction, performance or distribution of components of:
	(1) Experimental Software, or (2) Software identified as Type III in
	the License Guide, or otherwise by QSS in the course of making the
	Software available to you, for which QSS has no contractual basis to
	extend indemnity from its third party suppliers, or (3) Software that
	have been modified; and

	(B) patent infringement based upon the making, using, importing or
	selling of components of: (1) Experimental Software, or (2) Software
	that have been modified, or (3) Software identified as Type II or Type
	III in the License Guide, for which QSS has no contractual basis to
	extend indemnity from its third party suppliers, or (4) Software
	identified in the License Guide, or otherwise by QSS in the course of
	making the Software available to you, as requiring additional patent
	rights not included in this License, or (5) Software in combination
	with other software or hardware, or (6) Software that infringe patents
	that are essential to satisfy any published and industry recognized
	standards/recommendations, including but not limited to
	standards/recommendations of ITU, IEEE, ETSI, ISO, MPEG, CSS, DVD,
	JPEG, DivX, Dolby, AVC/H.264, ATM Forum, Frame Relay Forum, SMPTE,
	ATSE, GSM, IETF, etc.

15.7	REMEDY AND LIMITATION OF DAMAGES FOR INDEMNIFIED CLAIMS.
	With respect to any finding of breach of the warranty in Section 15.6
	(Limited Warranty of Provenance, Indemnity and Exclusions from
	Indemnity), or if QSS reasonably believes that one or more of the
	indemnified acts in Section 15.6 have occurred or may occur, QSS will,
	at its sole expense and option: (i) procure for you the right to
	continue using the infringing Software; (ii) replace the infringing
	Software with non-infringing software of comparable function;
	(iii) modify the infringing Software to be non-infringing; or (iv) if
	none of the foregoing alternatives is reasonably available to QSS,
	terminate your right to the Software, but only to the extent necessary
	to avoid or mitigate damages. You will have the right to terminate all
	of your rights if you determine such partial termination renders your
	remaining rights ineffective. Upon such full or partial termination,
	QSS will refund to you, pro-rata to the extent of such termination,
	the license fees paid by you pursuant to this License that are
	associated with the terminated rights.
	THIS SECTION 15.7 STATES YOUR EXCLUSIVE
	REMEDIES FOR INFRINGEMENT AND
	MISAPPROPRIATION BY THE SOFTWARE.

15.8	NO OTHER WARRANTIES.

	EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED IN
	THIS SECTION 15, TO THE MAXIMUM
	EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE
	LAW, THE SOFTWARE LICENSED AND
	ANY SERVICES PROVIDED UNDER THIS
	QNX COMMERCIAL SOFTWARE LICENSE
	AGREEMENT ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND
	WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS
	OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED
	TO ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND
	CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
	FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND
	NON-INFRINGEMENT. SUBJECT TO THE
	LIMITED WARRANTY IN SECTION 15.3,
	QSS DOES NOT WARRANT AND NOTHING
	IN THIS LICENSE IMPLIES ANY WARRANTY
	THAT THE OPERATION OF THE SOFTWARE
	OR ACCESS TO SERVICES WILL BE
	UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR FREE, OR
	THAT ANY ERRORS FOUND WILL BE CORRECTED.

15.9	SURVIVAL. This Section 15 will survive termination and will apply
	notwithstanding the failure of essential purpose of any limited
	remedy.


16.  LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY
APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL QSS,
OR ITS AFFILIATES, OR THEIR OFFICERS,
EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, SUPPLIERS,
DISTRIBUTORS, OR LICENSORS (COLLECTIVELY
"QSS AND ITS REPRESENTATIVES") BE LIABLE
TO LICENSEE OR TO ANY THIRD PARTY FOR
ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES
WHATSOEVER INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED
TO LOST REVENUE, LOST OR DAMAGED DATA,
OR OTHER COMMERCIAL OR ECONOMIC LOSS,
ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO ANY USE
OR INABILITY TO USE THE SOFTWARE OR
SERVICES, EVEN IF QSS HAS BEEN ADVISED
OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE OR CLAIM.

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY
APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL THE
AGGREGATE LIABILITY TO YOU OF QSS AND
ITS REPRESENTATIVES FOR ANY DAMAGES
ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS LICENSE,
WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE,
EXCEED THE TOTAL FEES YOU HAVE PAID TO
QSS FOR USE OF THE SOFTWARE AND FOR
SERVICES IN THE 12 MONTHS PRECEDING THE
CLAIM. THIS SECTION 16 WILL SURVIVE
TERMINATION AND WILL APPLY NOTWITHSTANDING
THE FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY
LIMITED REMEDY.

YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT
THE DISCLAIMERS, EXCLUSIONS AND
LIMITATIONS SET FORTH IN THIS LICENSE
CONSTITUTE AN ESSENTIAL ELEMENT OF
THIS LICENSE IN THE ABSENCE OF WHICH:
(A) THE FEES AND OTHER TERMS IN THIS
LICENSE WOULD BE SUBSTANTIALLY
DIFFERENT; AND (B) QSS'S ABILITY TO
OFFER AND YOUR ABILITY TO PURCHASE
YOUR SOFTWARE AND SERVICES OR ANY
PORTION THEREOF UNDER THIS LICENSE
WOULD BE IMPAIRED.

17.  MULTIMEDIA CONTENT.  Certain QNX Runtime Components may enable
Target Systems to produce or reproduce (including but not limited to by
ripping), copy, perform and/or display multimedia content (e.g., audio,
images, video). The required intellectual property license rights necessary to
use or offer devices with such capabilities will vary, depending on factors
such as the intended use of the device, the types of content involved, the
markets in which the device is used or sold, etc. You are solely responsible
for determining all such requirements and making all of the arrangements
(e.g., obtaining licenses, paying copyright collectives' fees, limiting the
device functionality in some markets, etc.) necessary to make, use, import,
distribute and/or sell your Target Systems, and/or to offer related services
(to the extent permitted by the terms and conditions of this License), in all
of your direct or indirect markets. The provisions of Section 15.6
(Limited Warranty of Provenance, Indemnity, and Exclusions from Indemnity) do
not extend to infringement caused by producing, reproducing, copying,
performing or displaying any multimedia content. Further, you agree to
indemnify and hold QSS and its Representatives harmless from any damages, and
any costs and expenses (including but not limited to reasonable attorney's
fees) incurred, in any third-party action against any one or more of QSS and
its Representatives based on intellectual property infringement caused by
making, using, importing, distributing and/or selling your Target Systems,
and/or offering related services, in any of your direct or indirect markets
("Claims"), other than Claims based solely on infringement claims for which
QSS remains responsible under Section 15.6.


18.  TERM, SUBSCRIPTION RENEWAL & TERMINATION.

18.1	TERM, SUBSCRIPTION RENEWAL. The term of this License for paid-up
	Software licenses will continue until terminated. The term of this
	License for Software subscription licenses and Standard Support
	subscriptions will end when the subscription term ends. You can renew
	Software and Standard Support subscriptions by issuing purchase orders
	to QSS for the renewal at least thirty (30) days prior to the expiry
	date.

18.2	TERMINATION.  This License will terminate immediately for
	subscription-based licenses or services upon the expiration of your
	License Key or Floating License Key or your failure to pay any
	optional renewal fees when due. QSS may terminate this License upon
	fifteen (15) days advanced written notice of a material breach if the
	breach has not been cured within the notice period, with the
	exception of payment or breach of confidentiality provisions, in which
	case termination will be immediate. All subscription fees are
	non-refundable. Termination is without prejudice to any right or
	remedy that may have accrued or be accruing to either party prior to
	termination.

18.3	IMPLICATIONS OF TERMINATION.  Upon termination, you will
	immediately destroy the original and all whole or partial copies of
	the Software, License Keys, Floating License Keys and Development
	License Certificates used under this License that are in your
	possession or control.
	Termination will not relieve you from your obligation to pay QSS any
	and all fees or other amounts due under this License at any time or
	for any period. Any pre-payment of Software royalties or license fees
	is non-refundable. If either Party terminates this License for any
	reason all copies of Runtime Configurations distributed pursuant to
	Schedule C (Runtime Distribution Addendum) prior to termination in
	accordance with the terms of this License will continue; however, all
	of your license rights, and those of your subcontractors and
	distributors, will immediately cease upon termination. The provisions
	of this License that are expressed or by their sense and context are
	intended to survive the termination of this License will survive,
	including but not limited to Sections 1 (Definitions), 5 (Deployment
	of Software and Audits of Software Use), 7 (Prohibited Activities),
	8 (Preservation of Rights), 9 (Third Party Software), 10 (Ownership
	and Reservation of Rights), 11 (Feedback), 12 (US Government Rights),
	14 (Confidential Information), 15 (Limited Warranties),
	16 (Limitation of Liability), 17 (Multimedia Content), 18 (Term,
	Subscription Renewal & Termination), 20 (Governing Law),
	21 (Arbitration), 22 (Assignment), 24 (Whole Agreement),
	25 (Interpretation), B-4, C-3 (Third-Party License Supplements),
	C-4 (High Risk), C-5 (Subcontractors & Distributors),
	C-8 (Target System Support), C-9 (Compliance with Laws),
	C-10 (Preservation of Rights), C-11 (Indemnity), and C-12.
	Termination is without prejudice to any right or remedy that may
	have accrued, or be accruing to either Party prior to termination.


19.  DEFENSIVE TERMINATION FOR PATENT INFRINGEMENT ACTION. This
License will terminate as of the date you institute patent litigation
(including but not limited to a cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) in
any jurisdiction against any entity alleging that the Software infringes or
contributes to the infringement of a patent.


20.  GOVERNING LAW. This License will be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws in force in the Province of Ontario, Canada, without
regard to the conflicts of laws provisions thereof. The parties hereby
irrevocably waive: (i) the provisions of the United Nations Convention on
Contracts for the International Sale of Goods, and (ii) any right to a trial
by jury regarding the resolution of any dispute between the parties hereto
arising out of or in connection with this License.


21.  ARBITRATION. It is the intention of the parties to settle any dispute
relating to this License; however, if the parties cannot settle any such
dispute themselves, then such dispute will be arbitrated and finally settled
under the provisions of the Arbitration Act of Ontario and the National
Arbitration Rules of the ADR Institute of Canada, Inc. The place of
arbitration will be Ottawa, Ontario, Canada. The language of the arbitration
will be English. The decision of the arbitrator will be final and binding on
the parties. The prevailing party will be entitled to recover its costs and
expenses from the arbitration, including but not limited to reasonable
attorney's fees. All information pertaining to any dispute that relates to
this License will be considered Confidential Information for the purpose of
Section 14 (Confidential Information).


22.  ASSIGNMENT. Subject to the export restrictions in Section 7.4, you may
assign this QNX Commercial Software License Agreement to a third party who has
provided QSS with prior written acknowledgement of its acceptance of the
License terms and conditions (the "Assignee"). In such a case you must
transfer the corresponding License Keys, Floating License Keys, Development
License Certificates and Runtime License Certificates to the Assignee and
destroy all whole or partial copies of the assigned Software that are in your
possession or control. You may not separately assign or transfer License Keys,
Floating License Keys, Development License Certificates or Runtime License
Certificates. Expressly excluded from this assignment permission is QNX
Middleware products, the License for which you may only assign in conjunction
with a change of ownership, merger, acquisition, sale or transfer of all or
substantially all of your business or assets relating to the project for which
the QNX Middleware products are specifically licensed. Any other attempted
assignment or delegation in violation of the foregoing will be void and of no
effect. This License will inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the
parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns.


23.  EXECUTION AND ACCEPTANCE. Nothing but this License (or any other
written agreement between you and QSS) authorizes you to undertake any of the
activities described in this License, and doing so in contravention of these
terms and conditions is breach of contract and/or copyright or patent
infringement. When you enter your License Key or Floating License Key to
unlock the Software this License will be displayed for your review and
acceptance. Choosing "I ACCEPT" during that process constitutes your execution
and acceptance of this License.


24.  WHOLE AGREEMENT. This License, including but not limited to the License
Guide and Third Party Terms List, the Invoice accompanying the Software, the
corresponding Development License Certificate(s), the Standard Support
Addendum (Schedule A), the QNX Middleware Product Addendum (Schedule B),
the Runtime License Addendum (Schedule C) and any Runtime License
Certificates constitutes the entire agreement between the parties pertaining
to this subject matter and supersedes any prior or contemporaneous agreement,
representation, statement, negotiation, undertaking dealing with the same
subject matter. The provisions of this QNX Commercial Software License
Agreement will prevail in the event of a conflict between any of its
provisions and the License Guide or Third Party Terms List, or any
inconsistent or additional terms or conditions of any related purchase orders
or invoices. No amendment, modification or waiver of any part of this License
will be binding unless in a written document that expressly refers to this
License and that is signed by both parties. The divisions and headings in this
License have been included for convenience only and will not affect its
construction or interpretation.


25.  INTERPRETATION.  The divisions and headings in this Agreement have
been included for convenience only and will not affect its construction or
interpretation. Any provision of this Agreement that is prohibited or
unenforceable in any jurisdiction will, as to such jurisdiction, be
ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without
invalidating the remaining provisions hereof or affecting the validity or
enforceability of such provision in any other jurisdiction.


26.  CUSTOMER EXPERIENCE. QSS may contact you to ask about your
impressions of the Software, the QNX Product Portfolio and any services you
may have purchased. You are not obligated to provide any answers, but we hope
you will give us the opportunity to address any shortcomings you perceive by
providing your feedback.


27.  LANGUAGE. This License has been drafted in the English language at the
express request of the parties.  Les parties conviennent que la prsente
convention et tous les documents s'y rattachant soient rdigs en anglais.



(c) 2010 QNX Software Systems GmbH & Co. KG. All rights reserved. QNX,
Momentics, Neutrino, Aviage, Photon, Photon microGUI and Foundry27 are
trademarks of QNX Software Systems GmbH & Co. KG, which are registered
trademarks and/or used in certain jurisdictions, and are used under license by
QNX Software Systems Co.

CSLA_v006_June15-10

_________________________________________________________________

SCHEDULE A: STANDARD SUPPORT ADDENDUM
_________________________________________________________________


A-0.   BACKGROUND. This Schedule A provides the terms and conditions upon
which QSS will provide you with the maintenance and support services described
below ("Standard Support") for QNX Product Portfolio components you have
licensed under this License. This "Standard Support Addendum" is incorporated
into the QNX Commercial Software License Agreement. All defined terms in the
License will have the same meanings in this Standard Support Addendum.

A-1.  ELIGIBLE SOFTWARE. Your Standard Support subscription applies to the
Software, subject to your payment when due of all applicable Standard Support
subscription fees specified on your Software Invoice (or on any corresponding
subscription commencement or renewal invoice(s)). Standard Support
subscription fees are included in the annual fees for Software licensed under
this License on a subscription basis.

A-2.  STANDARD SUPPORT SERVICES. During your Standard Support
subscription QSS will provide you with "Help-Desk Services" for the current
version of the Commercially Released Software by delivering person-to-person
telephone-, email-, or web-based assistance with: (i) installation and
configuration issues;  (ii) understanding the functionality and behavior of
specific parts; (iii) isolating problems you encounter by verifying the
Software, when used in accordance with the associated Documentation on one or
more of the applicable "Reference Platforms" identified in the License Guide,
does not behave the way the Documentation says it should ("Error"); and
(iv) providing you with patches or work-arounds for known Errors; and
(v) submitting problem reports for confirmed Errors that do not have current
solutions. You may report and track your issues at Tech Support on Foundry27.
Help Desk Services are for your support and are not to be used for the benefit
of other commercial QNX developers who have chosen not to subscribe to
Standard Support. However, QSS reserves the right to publish information
(including but not limited to work-arounds and fixes) relating to any issues
you report for the benefit of the QNX development community, provided it
does not include any details that would identify you or your customers.

A-3.  SOFTWARE UPDATES. During your Standard Support subscription, QSS
will provide you with any commercially released Medial (6.x) and Minor (6.x.x)
Software updates, as well as any intervening maintenance releases (including
but not limited to service packs and patch releases) (collectively, "Updates")
for use under this License. Updates do not include Major Software updates
(e.g., QNX 4 to QNX 6) or access to unlicensed products or technologies. You
may only use Updates under this License that are released during your
subscription to Standard Support. You may only use such Updates in association
with your authorized Development Seat and licensed Target Systems. You may not
share your Updates with anyone else, unless they are entitled to use them
under their own QSS license.

A-4.  STANDARD SUPPORT SUBSCRIPTION TERM. Each subscription is valid
for Standard Support services for one Development Seat for one year. Your
subscription will end on the anniversary of the Invoice date unless you first
renew your subscription by delivering a purchase order to QSS for the Standard
Support fee for the Software for the next subscription year. All subscription
fees are due in advance and are non-refundable. QSS reserves the right to
withhold Standard Support if you have not paid your subscription fees.

See the QNX Standard Support User's Guide
(http://licensing.qnx.com/standard-support/) for further information. Other
support and custom engineering services are also available from QSS
(see http://licensing.qnx.com/services/).

_________________________________________________________________

SCHEDULE B: QNX MIDDLEWARE PRODUCT ADDENDUM
_________________________________________________________________


B-0.  BACKGROUND.  This Schedule B, together with the other terms and
conditions of the QNX Commercial Software License Agreement, provides the
terms and conditions upon which QSS authorizes you to use QNX Middleware
products for commercial development purposes, provided that you first purchase
a corresponding development license. This "QNX Middleware Product Addendum" is
incorporated into the QNX Commercial Software License Agreement. All defined
terms in the License will have the same meanings in this QNX Middleware
Product Addendum. The provisions of this Schedule B will prevail in the event
of a conflict between any of its provisions and other parts of this License.

B-1. QNX MIDDLEWARE SOFTWARE.  Your commercial license only extends to
the specific QNX Middleware product(s) listed on the Invoice for the
corresponding development license you have purchased ("QNX Middleware
Software", and part of the "Software" for the purpose of the License), which
are further described in a matching Development License Certificate and in the
License Guide that accompanies the Software. QNX Middleware Software is
licensed on a Project-specific basis and requires a Development License
Certificate in order to be activated. Multi-Project Development License
Certificates may be available (contact an authorized QNX sales representative
for more information - see http://www.qnx.com/company/contact/). If your QNX
Middleware Software was delivered with an earlier version of this License,
then you may elect to adopt the terms and conditions of this License instead
(i.e., to facilitate distribution of associated QNX Runtime Components under
Schedule C, not to gain some update rights that you would not otherwise be
entitled to), in which case your License Certificate for the QNX Middleware
Software will be deemed to be a "Development License Certificate" for the
purpose of this License.

B-2. DEVELOPMENT LICENSE GRANT AND CONSIDERATION.  Subject to your
payment when due of all applicable license fees (including but not limited to
renewal fees for any subscription-based Project licenses) specified on the
Invoice for the QNX Middleware product development license you have purchased
("QNX Middleware Invoice"), and subject to the terms and conditions of this
License, QSS hereby grants to Licensee (you) a limited, non-exclusive,
personal, non-sublicensable and non-transferable (except as contemplated in
Section 22 (Assignment)) license on the same terms and conditions specified in
the License except as modified by Section B-3 (Project License).

B-3.  PROJECT LICENSE.  Your QNX Middleware Software license is specific to a
single Project and may not be transferred or reassigned to other projects. You
may share your licensed QNX Middleware Software with your developers
(including with employees of your contractors) who have been assigned
Development Seats (and License Keys or Floating License Keys) in accordance
with the License, but only to the extent and for so long as they provide
software development services on your behalf for the licensed Project. Your
QNX Middleware Software license ends when the Project for which it was
purchased ends (or at the end of any subscription period in the case of
subscription-based licenses).

B-4.  QSS may request reports and conduct audits pursuant to the provisions of
Sections 5.3-5.5 of this License in order to confirm compliance with the terms
and conditions of this License. If you have licensed QNX Middleware Software
for more than one Project, you must identify all Projects in all reports and
audits requested pursuant to Section 5 (Deployment of Software and Audits of
Software Use) of this License.


_________________________________________________________________

SCHEDULE C: RUNTIME DISTRIBUTION ADDENDUM
_________________________________________________________________


C-0.  BACKGROUND. This Schedule C, together with the other terms and
conditions of QNX Commercial Software License Agreement, provides the terms
and conditions upon which QSS authorizes you to distribute copies of certain
QNX Runtime Components as part of your Target System, provided that you first
purchase corresponding Runtime License Certificate(s) (as defined below) for
the number of copies of the Runtime Configuration you require. This "Runtime
Distribution Addendum" is incorporated into the QNX Commercial Software
License Agreement. All defined terms in the License will have the same
meanings in this Runtime Distribution Addendum. The provisions of this
Schedule C will prevail in the event of a conflict between any of its
provisions and other parts of this License.

C-1.  DEFINITIONS.  The following defined terms are added to this Addendum
and will have the same meanings throughout the License.

"EULA" means a properly completed version of the QNX End User License
	Agreement provided in Appendix I (Form of QNX Pass-through EULA for
	Target Systems) of this Runtime Distribution Addendum.

"Invoice" will include for the purpose of this Addendum any invoice issued by
	QSS (or its distributor) for Runtime License Certificates you have
	purchased.

"Runtime Configuration" means a specific set of QNX Runtime Components
	identified in a Runtime License Certificate (as further described in
	the License Guide).

"Runtime License Certificate" means the original copy of a QSS-issued and
	serialized document that is provided to you by QSS or by one of its
	authorized distributors and that authorizes the creation of a specific
	number of copies of the Runtime Configuration identified therein.
	Runtime License Certificates may be provided in electronic form and
	will be considered as part of the "Documentation" for the purpose of
	this License.


C-2.  DISTRIBUTION LICENSE GRANT AND CONSIDERATION.  Subject to your
payment when due of all applicable license fees (including but not limited to
renewal fees for any subscription-based distribution licenses) specified on
the Invoice for the Runtime License Certificate(s) you have purchased
("Runtime License Certificate Invoice"), and subject to the terms and
conditions of this License, QSS hereby grants to Licensee (you) a limited,
non-exclusive, personal, non-sublicenseable and non-transferable (except as
contemplated in Section 22 (Assignment)) license for the following specific
activities and purposes:

C-2.1	To reproduce, as an integral part of Target Systems, up to the
	aggregate total number of copies of Runtime Configurations authorized
	by Runtime License Certificate(s) you have purchased from QSS or its
	authorized distributor(s) for the purpose of manufacturing and
	distributing Target Systems (Note that some Target Systems may require
	more than one Runtime Configuration license - e.g.,  Target Systems
	may contain multiple processors, each running a separate copy of the
	same Runtime Configuration or different Runtime Configurations).

C-2.2	To reproduce, as part of the Target System backup media (if any), to
	be shipped with the Target System, a second copy of the Runtime
	Configuration for each copy authorized under Section C-2.1 solely for
	use for Target System back-up purposes (i.e., not for productive use,
	such as in redundant systems).

C-2.3	To distribute copies of the Runtime Configuration made under Sections
	C 2.1 and C-2.2 to end users as part of and only for use in
	association with your Target System under the terms and conditions of
	the EULA.

C-2.4	To adopt and reproduce (as provided in Sections C-2.1 and  C-2.2) and
	to distribute (as provided in C-2.3 or pursuant to secure downloads
	only to authorized end users for use in licensed Target System) copies
	of: (i) Patch Releases, solely for the purpose of adopting Error
	corrections for use in new and existing Target Systems; and
	(ii) Updates, solely for use in new and existing Target Systems,
	provided that you have maintained a continuous subscription
	throughout your project to QSS support services under Schedule A for
	each active Development Seat used for Target System development,
	testing, maintenance, support and enhancement.

YOUR SOFTWARE DISTRIBUTION RIGHTS
UNDER THIS SCHEDULE ARE LIMITED TO
THE NUMBER OF COPIES OF RUNTIME
CONFIGURATION SOFTWARE COMPONENTS
AUTHORIZED BY RUNTIME LICENSE
CERTIFICATES YOU HAVE PREPURCHASED
DIRECTLY FROM QSS OR ITS AUTHORIZED
DISTRIBUTOR.

C-3.  THIRD-PARTY LICENSE SUPPLEMENTS.  Certain QNX Runtime
Components have additional distribution terms and conditions due to
pass-through requirements imposed by: (a) third party proprietary
technologies that they contain, which terms and conditions are reproduced on
the Runtime License Certificate (copies of which may be obtained at
http://licensing.qnx.com); and (b) open source software contributions that
they contain (see Section 9 (Third Party Software) for details). Those terms
and conditions are hereby incorporated into this License, as applicable.

C-4.  HIGH RISK.  You may not use, or authorize others to use, any part of the
Software in any application in which the failure of the Software could lead to
death, personal injury or severe physical or property damage (collectively,
"High-Risk Applications"), including but not limited to the operation of
nuclear facilities, mass transit systems, aircraft navigation or aircraft
communication systems, air traffic control, weapon systems and direct life
support machines. QSS expressly disclaims any express or implied warranty or
condition of fitness for High-Risk Applications.

C-5.  SUBCONTRACTORS & DISTRIBUTORS. Provided that you will remain
responsible to QSS at all times for the full performance of and compliance
with all terms and conditions of this QNX Commercial Software License
Agreement, including but not limited to those of this Schedule C, you may:
(i) sublicense your rights under Section C-1.1, C-1.2 and C-1.4 to
subcontractors who have been retained by you to manufacture Target Systems on
your behalf, and (ii) sublicense your rights under Section C-1.3 to third
party distributors in your indirect Target System distribution channel.

C-6.  EULA.  You must ensure that end users are presented with a properly
completed version of the EULA, as provided in Exhibit 1 of this Addendum, in a
manner that follows the formalities necessary to make the terms and conditions
enforceable under local laws for the countries in which the end users
accepting the EULA reside.

C-7.  LICENSE STICKERS.  Optional license stickers are available from QSS
when ordering Runtime License Certificates (one serialized license sticker for
each Runtime Configuration copy authorized by the Runtime License Certificate)
to affix to Target Systems to facilitate the tracking and identification of
deployed copies of QNX Runtime Components.

C-8.  TARGET SYSTEM SUPPORT.  You are responsible for all Target System
design, development, testing, distribution, support, maintenance and updating.
QSS offers Standard Support (see Schedule A) and other Software support and
custom engineering services (see http://licensing.qnx.com/services/).

C-9.  COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS.  You will comply with all applicable laws, rules
and regulations and obtain all permits, licenses and authorizations or
certificates that may be required in connection with its activities pursuant
to this License. This includes any laws, regulations, orders or other
restrictions on the export of the Software from Canada and the USA that may be
imposed from time to time by the Canadian or United States Governments. You
will not import, export or re-export, directly or indirectly, the Software or
information pertaining thereto to any country for which either such government
or any agency thereof requires a license or governmental approval at the time
of import, export or re-export without first obtaining such license or
approval.

C-10.  PRESERVATION OF RIGHTS. When distributing Target Systems and
associated Runtime Components to any agency, department or unit of any
government or quasi-government authority you will take all actions and
precautions consistent with applicable laws and regulations specifically
governing licensing to such entities to preserve and protect all ownership and
other rights of QSS and its licensors in the Software.

C-11.  INDEMNITY.  You will indemnify and hold QSS harmless from any
damages finally awarded, and any costs and expenses (including but not limited
to reasonable attorney's fees) incurred, in any third-party action against
QSS, its Affiliates, or their distributors or suppliers, based on bodily
injury, property damage or any other injury, damage, or claim arising out of
the distribution, use or inability to use the Target System, provided QSS
promptly notifies you and gives you complete information and reasonable
assistance (at your expense). This Section C-11 will not apply to any claims
under Section 15.6 (Limited Warranty of Provenance, Indemnity, and Exclusions
from Indemnity) that QSS is obliged to defend, or to other allegations that
the Software infringes third party rights, or to any final award of a court of
competent jurisdiction based on a finding of gross negligence or willful
misconduct of QSS.

C-12.  You will maintain for a period of six (6) years after the end of the
year to which they relate accurate records regarding all of your direct and
indirect copying and distribution activities conducted pursuant to this
Schedule. QSS may request reports and conduct audits pursuant to the
provisions of Sections 5.3-5.5 of this License in order to confirm the number
of copies of Software created (by Target System), the number of Target Systems
shipped, and compliance with the terms and conditions of this License. If you
have purchased Runtime License Certificates for more than one Runtime
Configuration, you must also identify copies by Runtime Configuration in all
reports and audits requested pursuant to Section 5 (Deployment of Software and
Audits of Software Use) of this License.


_________________________________________________________________

APPENDIX I TO SCHEDULE C: FORM OF QNX PASS-THROUGH EULA FOR
TARGET SYSTEMS
_________________________________________________________________



Copyright 2010, QNX Software Systems GmbH & Co. KG. All Rights Reserved.

The product you have purchased ("Product") contains QNX software (Runtime
Configuration No. [Insert applicable Runtime Configuration Number]; "QNX
Software") which is distributed by or on behalf of the Product manufacturer
("Manufacturer") under license from QNX Software Systems Co. ("QSS"). You may
only use the QNX Software in the Product and in compliance with the license
terms below.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this License, QSS hereby grants you a
limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable license to use the QNX Software in
the Product for the purpose intended by the Manufacturer. If permitted by the
Manufacturer, or by applicable law, you may make one backup copy of the QNX
Software as part of the Product software. QSS and its licensors reserve all
license rights not expressly granted herein, and retain all right, title and
interest in and to all copies of the QNX Software, including but not limited
to all intellectual property rights therein. Unless required by applicable law
you may not reproduce, distribute or transfer, or de-compile, disassemble or
otherwise attempt to unbundle, reverse engineer, modify or create derivative
works of, the QNX Software. You agree: (1) not to remove, cover or alter any
proprietary notices, labels or marks in or on the QNX Software, and to ensure
that all copies bear any notice contained on the original; and (2) not to
export the Product or the QNX Software in contravention of applicable export
control laws.

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED
BY APPLICABLE LAW, QSS AND ITS
LICENSORS PROVIDE THE QNX SOFTWARE
ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT
WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY
WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF TITLE,
NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY
OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE. ANY WARRANTIES OR OTHER
PROVISIONS OFFERED BY THE
MANUFACTURER OR ITS DISTRIBUTOR(S)
THAT DIFFER FROM THIS LICENSE
ARE OFFERED BY THE MANUFACTURER
OR ITS DISTRIBUTOR(S) ALONE AND
NOT BY QSS, ITS AFFILIATES OR THEIR
LICENSORS. YOU ASSUME ANY RISKS
ASSOCIATED WITH YOUR USE OF THE
QNX SOFTWARE UNDER THIS LICENSE.

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED
BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL
QSS, ITS AFFILIATES OR THEIR LICENSORS
BE LIABLE TO YOU UNDER ANY LEGAL
THEORY, WHETHER IN TORT (INCLUDING
BUT NOT LIMITED TO NEGLIGENCE),
CONTRACT OR OTHERWISE, FOR DAMAGES,
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY
DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL,
OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY
CHARACTER ARISING AS A RESULT OF
THIS LICENSE OR OUT OF THE USE OR
INABILITY TO USE THE PRODUCT (INCLUDING
BUT NOT LIMITED TO DAMAGES FOR LOSS
OF GOODWILL, WORK STOPPAGE, PRODUCT
FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION, OR ANY AND
ALL OTHER COMMERCIAL DAMAGES OR
LOSSES), EVEN IF QSS, ITS AFFILIATES OR
THEIR LICENSORS HAVE BEEN ADVISED
OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

For more information on the QNX Software, including but not limited to any
open source software license terms (and available source code) as well as
copyright attributions applicable to the Runtime Configuration indicated
above, please contact the Manufacturer or contact QSSC at 175 Terence Matthews
Crescent, Kanata, Ontario, Canada K2M 1W8 (email: licensing@qnx.com,
ph: +1-613-591-0931, fax: +1-613-591-3579).


